advice and help # us embassy qatar ## how to get to us embassy qatar ? i am set for an appointment and i do not know the driving directions . need your help ) thanks in advance !	comimg from villagiio down to al saad ; take the left turn on mobil petrol station signal ( it will be on ur right hand ; there is also sixt rental car ) ; take left from that signal . then you drive straight i guess around 3 roundabouts . i dont remember exactly unfortunately . then you take a right turn till the end of the road and make again right . you will be on the new road ; but take the side road and drive straight . the embassy will be on your right hand . please make sure with the map ; i just gave you approx . direction . i was there on october ; cant remember the exact turns . good luck !	False
welcome to qatar # i have visiting visa for work ; so can i drive ; i have egyptian license ? ## i have visiting visa for work ; so can i drive ; i have egyptian license ?	mr . calculator consumes major space for the same answer which is not helping the person with right answer ? ! ; you can not drive a car with egypitian licence here ; as a visitor first 10 days you can drive but later you need to take a temporary driving licence for 3 months . you have to pay 100 riyal for every month and need to take eyetest for this licence .	False
visas and permits # can a wife sponsor his husband here ? ## hi ! just want to know if a wife can sponsor his husband here ? my friend is asking . all i know is that a husband as well as a father can . but i am not sure whether a wife can . thanks	if the wife is working . yes she can sponsor her husband here like what my officemate did last year . she sponsored her husband and now the husband is also working here and after nine months they were able to get their daughter . so now they are one happy family here in doha )	False
doha shopping # where can i print onto mugs or cups ? ## i would like a message to be printed on to mugs or cups . where can i have this type of printing done ?	photo cpoy ; color black white ; size a4 a3 a2 a1 a0 binding ; wire binding ; spiral binding ; metal binding ; perfect binding ; lamination a0 ; a1 ; a2 ; a3 ; a4 ; cold hot lamination id lamination ; large foramt printing ; a0 a1 a2 a3 a4 cad printing ; a0 a1 a2 a3 a4 ; cad drawing ; a0 a1 a2 a3 a4 ; plotting ; a0 a1 a2 a3 a4 ; engineering drawing printinga0 a1 a2 a3 a4 scanning a0 a1 a2 a3 a4 scanning color black white foam board mounting ; fom board mounting ; form board mounting ; poster printing ; rollup stand ; pull up stand ; rollup standee ; pop up stand ; display stand ; vinyl printing ; sticker printing ; sticker cutting ; safety sign printing ; reflective printing ; safety sticker printing ; banner printing ; flex printing ; transit graphics printing ; vehicle graphics printing ; bill board printing ; . booklet printing ; newsletter printing ; digital printing ; broucher printing ; business card printing ; banner printing ; binding ; wire binding ; mug printing ; calendar printing ; tshirt printing ; .	True
visas and permits # working visa issuance how long ## hello guyz ; just wanna ask anyone knows how long is the release of working visa in qatar ? because my agency told me that the already forwarded all my requirements for visa application ; but until now no feedback from qatar embassy . its almost 40days today . i do hope someone can answer my query . by the way i am from philippines . regards ; jm	work visa can be rejected as well . if everything is all right ; it takes around 3 days . if there are some problems ; it might never be issued .	NonFactual
welcome to qatar # where do i pay a traffic ( speeding ticket ) fine ? ## where do i pay a speeding ticket fine ? the . website says that i got my picture taken last month . i have heard that most people do not pay fines until they come to sell the car ; i have also heard that the fine gets increased by 10 for every month it is not paid . i would rather pay now . thanks !	go to traffic police near the airport . it is convenient and faster than madina khalifa . been to both places and know the difference .	True
family life in qatar # tipping ? ## do you do it ; and how much do you leave if you do ? back home we leave 15 20 percent .	i tip 10	NonFactual
qatari culture # can a person wear dhoti ( mundu ) while travelling2qatar ## can anyone advise whether can an aged person travelling to qatar from kerala can wear kerala style mundu ( dhothi ) . is it prohibited by law ?	friend no need to check anybody ; i brought my father many times here ; he is only wearing dhothi ; friends ; each country have their own culture and traditional wears ; please respect ; it is better than some shots which some body wearing in public ;	False
moving to qatar # vaccinations needed before i come to doha ? ## i am in the process of coming over to work in doha . i wanted to know if their were any specific shots and vaccinations i should get before coming over . i want to try and get these things completed before i leave the us . any insight would be much appreciated .	we came from here from the us and had hep a ; typhoid ; and tdap ( combined tetanus ; diptheria ; pertussis ) on top of the usual program . the hep a was a two dose one ; given six months apart . we went to our local kelseyseybold clinic there and were given an international certificate of vaccination as approved by the world health organisation . there is this thing called being so openminded your brains drop out . richard dawkins	True
sports in qatar # where can i go running ; other than the cornich ?	you can go to dahel alhamaam park ; it is nice and quiet place .	True
qatar living lounge # is there a problem for me ? ## is there a problem for me here in qatar having positive for aids ?	if the authorities are aware you will either not be allowed into qatar or you will be deported from qatar asap	True
visas and permits # can a wife sponsor his husband here ? ## hi ! just want to know if a wife can sponsor his husband here ? my friend is asking . all i know is that a husband as well as a father can . but i am not sure whether a wife can . thanks	sponsorship does not matter about gender ; it depends on salary ; educational qualification and rp of sponsorer . ok .	True
moving to qatar # vaccinations needed before i come to doha ? ## i am in the process of coming over to work in doha . i wanted to know if their were any specific shots and vaccinations i should get before coming over . i want to try and get these things completed before i leave the us . any insight would be much appreciated .	as i said ; the official advice is that you do not have to ; however ; they may offer you rabies ; typhoid and hep b as an option . as they no longer boost tetanus as routine ; you would have to have a booster before coming . that said ; the uk has a vey hands off approach to immunisation at the moment as most diseases are sufficiently covered by herd immunity ( where because the majority have been vaccinated the people who have not are covered to a large extent ) and cases are low . personally as long as there is a low risk ; i would have all the vaccinations i could ; why not ?	True
opportunities # free arabic lesson ## do you know any institution or organization that offers free arabic speaking lesson ? please let me know . thanks !	the courses at al fanar are not free but they only cost 300qr for an intensive 3 sessions a week for three months . the next course starts in april . i will let you know if it is a good course in three months time !	True
qatar living lounge # jumping on red light ## does anyone know what the penalty is for jumping on the red light ? thanks !	yeah its only qrs . 6000 plus 7 points . so please slow down near the signals and watch out for the blinking green light . i wish all of u all the best . eid mubarak .	True
socialising # tennis ( club ) ## i am very interested to know if there are any expatriate tennis clubs in doha that anyone can join ? i am at a decent standard and would like to play once twice per week so joining a club would be ideal . if anyone ( who is also at a decent level ) would like a game then please drop me an email and we can arrange something . thanks	ok ; no worries . maybe play at shearton inside ? i am back in doha this weekend so drop me a text next week on 589 7136 to organise . cheers	False
qatar living lounge # jumping on red light ## does anyone know what the penalty is for jumping on the red light ? thanks !	and a fine of between qr 6k to 50k . better go to moi . gov for accurate details . its pretty scary the penalties for this violation . they can even deport you . drive safely and stay away from trouble ; ) waiting is an art ; timing is everyting	False
doha shopping # one for the girls hairdressing ## hair salon has anyone seen a loreal salon in doha ? i would assume it may be in one of the hotelsresorts . the salon would have loreal branding on the window . thanks s	you might try coiffure francaise at 4689211 . their ad in marhaba magazine says they are a l'oreal salon . they are next to gulf crafts in the haya commercial plaza .	NonFactual
welcome to qatar # any carrefour ? ## is there any carrefour which is open ? please update . thanks in advance .	you can go to landmark or carrefour market at abu humor	True
welcome to qatar # where i can get a funny ''baby on board'' car is stickers ?	carfurr	NonFactual
opportunities # qatar petroleum technical site interview ? ## elsalam alikom every one any one know about qatar petroleum technical site interview process ( 2days visit ) as i recive the visit visa and they ask me for the earlist date to attand and also how much does it take to decide the day of interview ? many thanks	if you have been invited for interview in doha ; it is likely ( in my opinion ) that you will be made an offer . the two days will allow enough time for you to undergo a medical ; meet other staffmanagement ; have a look around doha ; at housing available etc . good luck .	NonFactual
moving to qatar # moving companies in doha ## hi all . does anyone know any good moving companies in doha ? a company that will move all my stuff without damaging anything ; and possible pack it all up for me as well . the move is local ; within doha .	try a company called runway international . they are pretty effecient . the number is 443 1529	False
welcome to qatar # how hot is doha at the moment ? ## what is the weather temperature like in doha at the moment ? i have been reading the forum topics about the need for heaters during the winter months . am quite worried .	between 90 80 deg f	NonFactual
visas and permits # on husband sponsorship transfer ## can i change from work sponsor to husband sponsor even if i am only three months in my company ? please advise . thanks .	you will require noc from your sponsor allowing you to transfer to husband sponsorship . if they give you one ; then you can transfer regardless if you are only 3 months with them .	NonFactual
visas and permits # travelling to uae by car ## my wife i want to drive to the uae ; next month . i understand about the visa situation ; and i can cope with that . my question is am i allowed to drive out of qatar in my car that i have not finished paying for from the bank ? my friend told me he seems to remember hearing that it was not possible ; and that somehow ; they know this at the border and will not allow me to leave . can anyone confirm this ? thanks for your help . cheers !	that rule is outdated . saudi has changed the rules for the shabab . now it doesnt matter . regarding the car on instalment you have to talk with the bank and see . if your number one goal is to make sure that everyone likes and approves of you ; then you risk sacrificing your uniqueness and ; therefore ; your excellence .	True
pets and animals # where can i get to buy a goldfish here ? ## i tried getting contact numbers of a couple of places ; but they wouldnt answer the phone !	you can go to al naseer st . near the traffic light at leftside before you reach family food center	NonFactual
salary and allowances # business meeting ? ## guys ; i am just enquiring about what one should wear to business meetings in doha ? are there certain things a man should or should not wear ( serious replys only not like a man should not wear a dress ) ! thanks gino	a formal suit with tie is the best for a business meeting even in this 48 degree temp people ware suit in this country . dont ware jeanscasuals	True
pets and animals # where can i get to buy a goldfish here ? ## i tried getting contact numbers of a couple of places ; but they wouldnt answer the phone !	you can go to al nasser area beside family food center you can find different kind of fish . anyway if you cannot find there just go to fish market . joke dude .	False
doha shopping # where to buy sarees in doha ## hello everybody ; i was wondering where can i buy sarees ( spelling ? ) in doha ( the traditionnal indian ones ; 100 silk with hand made embrodery e . g . the one used for weeding ) i did a search on google but could not find anything ! i really appreciate your help thanks dhw	all the 3 places parthas ; bonbay silks ; dhulan have a good choise the ones at lulu r ok the material was not too good	False
doha shopping # is tofu banned in qatar ? ## i have tried to check all possible supermarkets in the whole doha and i cant find a tofu . do you have any idea where i can get one ? please ; i cant live life without it . thank you !	tofu is available at megamart ; along with scottish plain short breads ; ferrero rocher ; guylian ; merci and more . ) ) sorry ; i was listing my favorites there . salam	True
visas and permits # working visa issuance how long ## hello guyz ; just wanna ask anyone knows how long is the release of working visa in qatar ? because my agency told me that the already forwarded all my requirements for visa application ; but until now no feedback from qatar embassy . its almost 40days today . i do hope someone can answer my query . by the way i am from philippines . regards ; jm	if the company has available visa for your nationality ; teh2008 is right you can get it in a day or two . but there are factors why your visa has not been released yet ; e . g . the pro is lazy ; the pro is on vacation ; no visa approval yet ; the position is on hold ; other internal factors from your employer or agent etc . better confirm again with your agent in the phils . to remind the employer )	NonFactual
doha shopping # pedicure in city centre ## is there anywhere in city centre that does pedicures ?	go to dr . scholl ; located west wing in the main entrance area . actually when you go to cc main door and if you are in a car or taxi you will see the ad on your right hand side . almost opposite to toyota . regards !	False
pets and animals # can i bring my pitbulls to qatar ? ## i am considering getting a job in qatar and i have two very well behaved people friendly spayed pitbulls . apparently this breed is banned . would i have trouble importing them ? if anything happened to the dogs ; my husband would die ; and he will not leave them in canada if we go away . so i have to be sure they would be ok to be imported before considering taking a job .	they are definitely banned in qatar . so as lp said ; how do you want to import something which is banned ? custom is not going to let them in . frankly speaking ; for me it sounds a bit nonsense very well behaved people friendly pitbulls . as for me ; these two do not come together ; it is either very well behaved people friendly or pitbulls . sorry ; eh ? . hope your husband will not be able to figure out my real name and address . )	True
visas and permits # gcc ban ## if a person leaving qatar for vacation doesnt return back from his country ; are there possibilities for gcc ban apart from the 2 year ban to qatar ?	no gcc ban .	True
qatari culture # smoke after dark during ramadan ?	yes you can smoke after dark in public during ramadan ( whereever it is normally permitted ) .	True
family life in qatar # french speaking nursery ## does anyone know if there is a french speaking nursery in doha ? if so do you have contact details ? thanks percy	i registered my child and i love so much this nursery ; i am very happy to find a place there ! i have the phone of perles d'avenir nursery is 44817611 .	True
sports in qatar # boxing fitness gym ## does anyone knows a boxing gym here in qatar ? im thinking of doing sports that just running on a treadmill to lose weight . and i need to lose weight . i was diagnosed of polycystic ovaries and first intervention is to trim myself down . if anyone of you knows a fitness gym here that offers boxing please tell me . that would be a great help . thanks !	fitness first is a good choice ; they have this kick boxing classes as well	False
visas and permits # just what to ask if it is possible to work in qatar if you we are banned in dubai ? tnx !	unless banned b cos of criminal activity ; bank fraud	True
salary and allowances # flight benefits for qatar airways employees ## i am seriously considering working for qatar airways but do not seem to be able to find out what kind of flight benefits they offer for their employees and family . anyone who know more about this or if they even offer flight benefits ? i know it is not the most important part of the contract but all other airlines offer it ! thanks .	each employee is entitled to a free return air ticket within qr network for herselfhimself ; and herhis family ( depending on one is grade ) . which class they are entitled to is also dependent on the grade . they are also entitled to purchase discounted tickets ; but that is on subload basis meaning the the seats are not confirmed and one could be bumped out in the last moment in case flights are full . it is an industry practice .	False
visas and permits # on husband sponsorship transfer ## can i change from work sponsor to husband sponsor even if i am only three months in my company ? please advise . thanks .	if your husband is salary is still below qr10 ; 000 he cannot sponsor you and your kids . you said your kids are under your sponsorship ; so why do you want to transfer ? if you have a better job position and salary than your husband then let the sponsorship stay as it is .	True
family life in qatar # american married to a qatari ## i will soon marry a qatari man and live in doha . recently i was told that once i am married and in qatar that i will not be allowed to travel back to the usa or any country without my husbands permission . can someone tell me if this is correct ? i have tried researching this but have not found any definite information . also ; if there are any american women married to a qatari on ql ; i would love to ask more questions . thank you	the questions you ask depends on the husband just like any where in the world you can marry a good one or a controlling one . if he turns out to be controlling your life could well be hell and yes he could take your passport off you and control your travel .	NonFactual
doha shopping # where can i print onto mugs or cups ? ## i would like a message to be printed on to mugs or cups . where can i have this type of printing done ?	i saw a middleboutique in hyatt plaza right near the giant stores entrance ; they were printing on a candle . try there !	NonFactual
cars and driving # driving with usa license . ## i visiting doha for a week and intend to rent a car . is it legal to drive using usa driver license or do i need and international one ?	if you in vist visa you can drive ; but if you want to cavnt to qatari ; so you can apply easly just vist to traffic dept and ask for new one .	True
advice and help # what is qtel customer service number ## what is qtel customer service number ?	call 111	True
welcome to qatar # any carrefour ? ## is there any carrefour which is open ? please update . thanks in advance .	abu hamour and landmark branches are open	True
opportunities # qatar petroleum technical site interview ? ## elsalam alikom every one any one know about qatar petroleum technical site interview process ( 2days visit ) as i recive the visit visa and they ask me for the earlist date to attand and also how much does it take to decide the day of interview ? many thanks	the interviewing department will endorse their evaluation about you to hr . if positive ; hr will send you offer letter . after you have accepted and agreed the offer ; you need to wait 23 months ( sometimes longer than this period ) for visa processing and wait for your schedule of mobiization .	NonFactual
family life in qatar # what is homoglobin ? ## please anone explain me regading homoglobin bcz doctor told me your homoglobin is low ! thanks	hemoglobin is the protein molecule in red blood cells that carries oxygen from the lungs to heart and to continue the inhaling and exhaling proccess . they are responsible of healing any kind of cut ; they stop the blood flow and they are also reponsible to open any kind of plaque inside vains to prevent heart attacks . if you smoke hemoglobin will carry the necotin every where it goes because necotine get stuck on the hemoglobin and reduce its functions so the hemoglobin wont be holding much oxygen in every breathing proccess thats why we see people who smokes breathes more than natural people when they do any activity . there body needs oxygen but the hemo . aint functioning in the way they have to .	True
salary and allowances # phd salary range ? ## what is the normal salary for a phd from uk in the government sector ?	offhand ? starting at 20 ; 000 qrmo .	True
advice and help # what is qtel customer service number ## what is qtel customer service number ?	111	True
health and fitness # where can i buy workoutbodybuilding supplements besides the gnc shops ? ## can anyone help ? gnc has a small selection and is very expensive . thanks !	al mana gosport at villagio used to have a decent selection ; though they were out of stock the last time i went there which was a few months back .	False
welcome to qatar # where do i pay a traffic ( speeding ticket ) fine ? ## where do i pay a speeding ticket fine ? the . website says that i got my picture taken last month . i have heard that most people do not pay fines until they come to sell the car ; i have also heard that the fine gets increased by 10 for every month it is not paid . i would rather pay now . thanks !	you used to be able to pay it online at the egovernment site but that has been under maintenance for a long time now . go to the traffic department either at madinat khalifa or airport to pay . you need to renew your car is road permit once a year . that is when uou have to do a traffic violations check before they renew the permit . fines do not increase . you just have to pay it when your road permit is up or if you are involved in a car accident ; they check for violations then .	True
salary and allowances # what does full package means ? ## theres a job offer which states monthly salary qr 30 ; 000 full package . i just wanted to ask if this means 30 ; 000k plus housing ; automobile and other expenses ; or if it means that the qr 30 ; 000 is the full package and from these you have to discount housing ; automobile ; etc . thanks .	except incentives and bonuses . on a lighter note full package means a good face ; bank balance and nice figure .	False
qatari culture # visiting my boyfriend ## i am an american woman . my boyfriend is egyptian who lives and works in doha . i am coming for a visit in june . i know that living together is not allowed . is there going to be any issue about coming for a visit to see him ? thanks for your responses .	as european i can say ; just do it . you will have no problems . i know what i am talking about . i did the same . and soon again . really it is not a problem for you nor for him . that is the experience i made . ) good luck ; lot of fun and enjoy it . what would you do if you knew you could not fail ? .	NonFactual
pets and animals # where can i get to buy a goldfish here ? ## i tried getting contact numbers of a couple of places ; but they wouldnt answer the phone !	also try souq waqif .	False
visas and permits # gcc ban ## if a person leaving qatar for vacation doesnt return back from his country ; are there possibilities for gcc ban apart from the 2 year ban to qatar ?	we covered this already ! but dont take my word for it as always ; being as i get my information from someone who gave you the facts from his daily job as a hr exec . you will be banned 2 years . and considered someone who abandoned his job . salam	False
education # more salary paying gulf country ? ## in my view qatar pay more salary for workers in gulf region . my friend argu kuwait . which country paying more salary for workers ?	united arab emirates . !	False
qatar living lounge # moving to qatar from the uk ## hey there ; i'll be heading out to qatar later this year . does anyone know if my uk tv set will work in qatar ? not sure whether to ship or sell . thanks ; c	its better to buy a new one .	NonFactual
sports in qatar # where can i go running ; other than the cornich ?	other than corniesh ; mmmm try alcorniesh	NonFactual
socialising # big problem ## hi ; i have a problem . 3 months ago i went out of dubai because i had a problem with my employer ; and also because a friend of mine hi died in dubai . now when i go out of there i had a loan and 2 credit cards ; but i do not pay them because i had no money . now i received a job in doha qatar . is possible for me to go in qatar and to pay my loan and credit cards from dubai ?	yes you can . good luck	True
sports in qatar # gym plus swimming pool ## hi guys ; can u please tell me any place which have gym as well as swimming pool with it in doha ? ! ? !	pro fitness barwa village swimming pool sauna billiard gym table tennis currently they have offer ( 4 month qr . 1000 )	True
qatar living lounge # resignation ( release ; noc ) ## first of all i arrive in doha qatar and my visa is business visa . then i apply walkin as a receptionist in a small hotel . i am planning to pass a resignation letter . i just want to know ; that if a pass that letter and i want a release or no objection certificate . ( n . o . c ) do you think they will give it or not ? because if they do not give me release or n . o . c that will be a problem because they said i cannot come back here in doha for 2 years .	how many more times will you fall for this trap ? why do not you ask from the beginning for an noc ( with the date being filled in later ) ? if they refuse ; they will for sure make a problem for you ; and you should never consider working for them !	NonFactual
salary and allowances # what is the monthly salary ? ## what is the monthly salary paid by oil companies such as qatar petroleum ; qatar gas ; shell ; dolphin energy ; etc for an expatriate mechanical engineer with 28 years of working experience in the oil gas industry ?	28years of working experience will surely lead u to some senior or supervisor post . moreover a manager too . ! as i have been working with oil gas company prior to my present employment ; i guess ; you will be offered atleast qr32 ; 000 ( basic ) will have a very high accomodation allowance from which you will be able to save really good . !	False
welcome to qatar # i have visiting visa for work ; so can i drive ; i have egyptian license ? ## i have visiting visa for work ; so can i drive ; i have egyptian license ?	no you cannot . if you have international driving license you can . anyway i do not know exactly just check with rent a car shop near by your area .	False
visas and permits # tourist visa to australia ## hi how can i apply for tourist visa to australia in qatar ? . as i know there is no australian embassy in qatar ; any one can help me ; ? ; !	please contact mannai holidays they are the authorized agent for australian visa in qatar . all the best	NonFactual
qatar living lounge # duty free ## ok ; i know that you can#39 ; t bring booze into the country . is there anything that should be brought in through duty free ?	the 2 p is pretty much sum it up and obviously no sex toys ( unless you are married apparently ) ; weapons ; or drugs	True
welcome to qatar # how hot is doha at the moment ? ## what is the weather temperature like in doha at the moment ? i have been reading the forum topics about the need for heaters during the winter months . am quite worried .	cloudy days ; 30 and humide	NonFactual
moving to qatar # colour blind acceptable by qp ? ## hey ; can anyone please tell me whether a colour blind engineer is acceptable to qp ?	i am color blind with partial green and red . i have an offer from qp it and i think unless you are into avaiation or cranerig operator ; you should be fine . i could make more remarks ; once i get visa and reach there ) .	NonFactual
visas and permits # on husband sponsorship transfer ## can i change from work sponsor to husband sponsor even if i am only three months in my company ? please advise . thanks .	you will not get an approval if your husband is salary is below 10 ; 000 . the reason behind it is you cannot live comfortably if your whole family is with you ; and the head of the family earning only 5 ; 000 . way back 2007 ; the limit is minimum 7 ; 000 . 2010 onwards ; they raised it to 10 ; 000 due to higher cost of living . you cannot add wife is salary to make the 10 ; 000 .	True
welcome to qatar # i have visiting visa for work ; so can i drive ; i have egyptian license ? ## i have visiting visa for work ; so can i drive ; i have egyptian license ?	no ; you cannot drive ; you should have a gcc license not egyptian .	False
family life in qatar # lady fitness ## does anybody knows a lady fitness center ; exept the one at salwa road ? thanks for your help .	al massa gym ( has aerobics and other exercise classes ) . it is behind chillis at the ramada junction . they have ladies only gym and classes . tel 4781022 ( i think ) it may be 444161 i have 2 numbers written here on a scrap of paper and not sure which is which ! lol hope this helps .	True
doha shopping # is tofu banned in qatar ? ## i have tried to check all possible supermarkets in the whole doha and i cant find a tofu . do you have any idea where i can get one ? please ; i cant live life without it . thank you !	megamart	True
visas and permits # noc vs . family visa ## hi ; please can you help ; my wife does not have noc from qatar airways ; but we are married now so can i bring her legally on my family visa as her husband ? thanks !	yes it is possible . new married certificate need to be attested from embassy and foregin affairs qatar thats all . its possible . for ladies this doesnt matter	False
qatari culture # visiting my boyfriend ## i am an american woman . my boyfriend is egyptian who lives and works in doha . i am coming for a visit in june . i know that living together is not allowed . is there going to be any issue about coming for a visit to see him ? thanks for your responses .	blue eyes ; you just come and have a good time ; do not honestly think you will have any problems ; have sent you a pm )	NonFactual
qatar living lounge # doha airport vs doha malls ## are the items inside doha airport ( duty free ) cheaper compared to those that are sold inside the malls ?	yes it is	NonFactual
opportunities # free arabic lesson ## do you know any institution or organization that offers free arabic speaking lesson ? please let me know . thanks !	al fanar	False
doha shopping # pedicures for men ## where can my husband get a pedicure from ?	the four seasons' hair salon does pedicures and manicures . men can go on sundays .	True
education # more salary paying gulf country ? ## in my view qatar pay more salary for workers in gulf region . my friend argu kuwait . which country paying more salary for workers ?	ksa with compare to the cost of living . i think lost of the people answer here have not visited anyother country	NonFactual
socialising # tennis ( club ) ## i am very interested to know if there are any expatriate tennis clubs in doha that anyone can join ? i am at a decent standard and would like to play once twice per week so joining a club would be ideal . if anyone ( who is also at a decent level ) would like a game then please drop me an email and we can arrange something . thanks	we normally play tennis at khalifa tennis at least twice a week ( tuesday and friday ) ; but i would prefer to play for at least 3 times a week or even more . so ; if you are interested ; i could introduce you to some players so that we could play together . what nationality are you ? thanks and regards .	True
visas and permits # can an american woman travel with her kids in and out of the country without a man or a exit visa ? ## hi ; i have a chance to relocate to doha and would love to photograph the middle east bu . can an american woman travel with her kids in and out of the country without a man or a exit visa ?	you absolutely free . welcome to qatar any time and feel free	False
qatar living lounge # qatar national day ## hi ; just wanted to confirm qatar is national day . is it 18th of december ? thanks .	yes ; it is 18th dec .	True
welcome to qatar # toys for adults ? ## before anyone comments i know this is a muslim country and certain things are forbidden here . but one of our friends is getting married and we want to play some pranks on him n her . so does anyone know if there is any shop in doha that sells toys for adults or sex toys ? just lemme know . thnx	impossible .	True
visas and permits # travelling to uae by car ## my wife i want to drive to the uae ; next month . i understand about the visa situation ; and i can cope with that . my question is am i allowed to drive out of qatar in my car that i have not finished paying for from the bank ? my friend told me he seems to remember hearing that it was not possible ; and that somehow ; they know this at the border and will not allow me to leave . can anyone confirm this ? thanks for your help . cheers !	hi hannibal it depends on your bank ; some banks like qnb need a garantee from qatari citizin ; some others like commercial if your salary is transfered to them no need for that . it is better to chech with your bank regulations best of luck ; and pls tell me wt is the final status coz i planning for the same	False
visas and permits # just what to ask if it is possible to work in qatar if you we are banned in dubai ? tnx !	ban applies to all gcc	NonFactual
working in qatar # end of service benefit ## what is the computation of gratuity or end of service benefits for the working period of 7 years ? thanks to confirm .	example last basic salary qr10 ; 000 length of service 7 years 10000 x 0 . 70 x 5 qr 35000 note 21 days or 70 is minimum requirement from labour law for 1st 5year . after 5year continuous service employee is entitled to get gratuity minimum 30 days each year service put in after that period . means first 5year employee is entitled three weeks of basic salary each year ; after 5year it will be 30days each year . 10000 x 1 . 00 x 2 qr 20000 total 7 year 55000 qr	False
advice and help # what is qtel customer service number ## what is qtel customer service number ?	call 111 . and hold the line for at least 30 minutes before being answered . enjoy qtel music .	True
qatar living lounge # moving to qatar from the uk ## hey there ; i'll be heading out to qatar later this year . does anyone know if my uk tv set will work in qatar ? not sure whether to ship or sell . thanks ; c	cs2009 ; yes your tv will work here ; its a 220240v 50hz supply out here so all of your electrodomestics will be ok ; however if you have got to pay the shipping yourself i would think twice because there are some great bargains to be had on lcdplasma sets at the moment .	True
doha shopping # indian wedding outfit ( lehnga ) ? ## hi ; i am gonna get married soon so i was wondering if anyone knew where i am able to get a wedding lehnga made or brought thanks	well if you dont plan to travel to india to get your stuff you can try the dulhan ; bombay silk ; and all other stores on kharaba street . or else if you have plenty of time in hand order online . just keep in mind while placing an online order that you have minimum of a month and a half before your wedding . so you can do necessary adjustments in your dress as well ; if required . never ask for a smile . just give it .	NonFactual
visas and permits # medical test ## hi all ; are hepatitis b c checked for in the medical test for nonmedical professionals ? basically ; i have been getting conflicting information on this . some say that hep b c are tested for everyone applying for residence permit . others say that only medical professionals ; primary school teachers and food handlers are tested for hep b c . please discuss !	regardless what your job is . everybody gets tested for hepatitis bc cheers never say never	True
visas and permits # why its very hard for pakistani to get rp ? ## why its very hard like impossible for pakistani to get rp now adays ?	because the number of visas for pakistani are finished	NonFactual
salary and allowances # what does full package means ? ## theres a job offer which states monthly salary qr 30 ; 000 full package . i just wanted to ask if this means 30 ; 000k plus housing ; automobile and other expenses ; or if it means that the qr 30 ; 000 is the full package and from these you have to discount housing ; automobile ; etc . thanks .	full pakage means ; this salry include everything ; and the company not paying any extra fee for anythings	True
qatar living lounge # resignation ( release ; noc ) ## first of all i arrive in doha qatar and my visa is business visa . then i apply walkin as a receptionist in a small hotel . i am planning to pass a resignation letter . i just want to know ; that if a pass that letter and i want a release or no objection certificate . ( n . o . c ) do you think they will give it or not ? because if they do not give me release or n . o . c that will be a problem because they said i cannot come back here in doha for 2 years .	try to negotiate with your employer !	NonFactual
qatar living lounge # fitness gym in al sadd ## im new in qatar and im looking a fitness gym in al sadd . anyone know ?	4444161 phoen no . al massa active	False
sports in qatar # gym plus swimming pool ## hi guys ; can u please tell me any place which have gym as well as swimming pool with it in doha ? ! ? !	i will try pro fitness . thanks osama	NonFactual
qatar living lounge # jumping on red light ## does anyone know what the penalty is for jumping on the red light ? thanks !	yeah man ; is only qr6000 ; so give this money to the governtment or u can spend this amount of money to your loved onefamily or unfortune people around . your choice man . my advise drive carefully .	True
visas and permits # just what to ask if it is possible to work in qatar if you we are banned in dubai ? tnx !	i believe you can work in qatar after a 6 month period as opposed to the 2 year period you need to wait in the uae .	False
pets and animals # where can i get to buy a goldfish here ? ## i tried getting contact numbers of a couple of places ; but they wouldnt answer the phone !	one shop petshop on traffic juction . al nasir the restorant area .	NonFactual
visas and permits # tourist visa to australia ## hi how can i apply for tourist visa to australia in qatar ? . as i know there is no australian embassy in qatar ; any one can help me ; ? ; !	mannai holiday no more processing australiam visa ; so sherif building 5th floor opposit corner of toyota tower signal ; beside keo building ; for student or any kind of aussie visa ; thanks	True
cars and driving # driving with usa license . ## i visiting doha for a week and intend to rent a car . is it legal to drive using usa driver license or do i need and international one ?	i recommend that you go to a aaa agency and get an international license . driving here in doha is pretty dangerous so i recommend you take every measure to protect yourself . it is pretty easy and not costly . see you when you get here !	NonFactual
visas and permits # can an american woman travel with her kids in and out of the country without a man or a exit visa ? ## hi ; i have a chance to relocate to doha and would love to photograph the middle east bu . can an american woman travel with her kids in and out of the country without a man or a exit visa ?	if you stay less than month no need to have exit latter . only you need latter if u stay more than a month . welecome and good day	False
advice and help # i need help from whoever has an iphone . ## well ; i have an iphone that is cracked and works fine with everything except for the internet . can somebody please provide me with the settings for the mobile internet or the edge settings ? thank you .	just go to qtel if they have settings for the edge because service provider are the one who will give it . and for the wifi ; just connect it to any open wifi range . if ever ask for username and password ; just provide it . ( if you dont now the password ; that is another problem . )	NonFactual
qatar living lounge # how old baby can travel qatar airways ? ## hi qlrs . could u pls advice ; after how many weeks a new born baby can travel outside qatar via qatarairways and does the baby needs visa to come qatar again after few months ?	my son first travel at 4 mths ; as soon as he got his rp . make sure you ready with bottle of milk for feeding during take off and landing because infant have a sensitive ear and the change air pressure in the cabin make the baby uncomfortable .	NonFactual
visas and permits # just what to ask if it is possible to work in qatar if you we are banned in dubai ? tnx !	until unless you are banned in the entire gcc . you can work in qatar . ban in dubai does not mean a ban in gcc .	NonFactual
visas and permits # can a wife sponsor his husband here ? ## hi ! just want to know if a wife can sponsor his husband here ? my friend is asking . all i know is that a husband as well as a father can . but i am not sure whether a wife can . thanks	no . i think not possible . but u just try . may b it can .	False
computers and internet # between carrefour and jarir ; which of the two has the lower price for laptops ?	well icguru ; we cant compare your dell price to carrefour since they are not selling dell brand . as to my observation ; carrefour is cheaper than jarir but the latter has better technical support and service if you have trouble with your device .	NonFactual
qatar living lounge # any private beaches in qatar ? ## any private beaches in qatar ? let me know if i can take my booze for beach party	there is a private beach on north ( shamal ) road at 83 exit . the place name is ghaariya . you have to take right at this exit and go further 1 km till you reach an intersection . in this intersection again take right and go further until first left comes . on first left you r gonna see a big radar anteena . the private beach is just beside this big anteena . note this beach is either for couples or families .	True
visas and permits # just what to ask if it is possible to work in qatar if you we are banned in dubai ? tnx !	naughty naughty . if you are banned from dubai you do not wanna come work here . it is way more strict and you will find yourself banged up for even a minor thing .	NonFactual
advice and help # experience necessary for nha license ? ## hello guys . i want to take nha licensure ( nurse ) here in qatar but i dont have any work experience in the philippines . i am currently working here now as a nurse in a construction company for almost 1yr . will nha allowed me to take licensure here even if i do not have the necessary experience required ? help please . thanks a lot and godbless .	i think work experience is not a prerequisite for taking the nha exam that is now handled by prometric . you can try to schedule the exam online . however ; there is no point of taking the exam without the required work experience since it is one of the requirements to get nha license . moreover ; if you pass the exam ; the validity is only for 2 years ; otherwise you have to take it again .	True
investment and finance # personal loans from islamic banks ## hi ql frns ; is there any islamic bank in qatar which give personal loans ? i need loans without interest . appreciate comments .	yes dear qatar islamic bank . giving very low interest loan . but mostly giving working in government department . but you can try and see . take care	False
family life in qatar # car seats ## what carseat brands are available in qatar ? im just not sure if i should bring the kids carseats from norway ; not sure how the airlines will treat the seats ; and are a bit worried that they will break them .	dgoodrebel will always be the rebellious good one	NonFactual
investment and finance # personal loans from islamic banks ## hi ql frns ; is there any islamic bank in qatar which give personal loans ? i need loans without interest . appreciate comments .	yes dear qatar islamic bank . giving very low interest loan . but mostly giving working in government department . but you can try and see . take care	False
qatar living lounge # help me find this song ## hola people cud u help me out please been hearing this song for ages on the radio and it is driving me crazy coz i dont know who sings it . thought it was kylie but when i googled it i got nothing . and they never say who it is on the radio . it goes something like . only in my dreams you are mine . i meet you every night inside . and everytime i wake i cry . gotta make tonight the night . can anyone help me out ? cheerios	the song is called tonight is the night by gina g	NonFactual
qatar living lounge # carrefour quick quiz ## for a gold star and a seat at the front of the class ; who can name all the locations of carrefour in qatar ?	city center ; landmark and villagio .	False
cars and driving # driving with usa license . ## i visiting doha for a week and intend to rent a car . is it legal to drive using usa driver license or do i need and international one ?	the rental companies ask for an international license .	False
pets and animals # where can i get to buy a goldfish here ? ## i tried getting contact numbers of a couple of places ; but they wouldnt answer the phone !	at fareej abdul aziz at the corner of the stop light right across the petrol station .	NonFactual
cars and driving # driving with usa license . ## i visiting doha for a week and intend to rent a car . is it legal to drive using usa driver license or do i need and international one ?	supposedly the us license is good for ( 7 ) days . an international license is good for ( 6 ) months . they are easily obtained from aaa for about 15 . after ( 6 ) months and likely before then you would need to go for a qatar drivers license .	True
visas and permits # working visa issuance how long ## hello guyz ; just wanna ask anyone knows how long is the release of working visa in qatar ? because my agency told me that the already forwarded all my requirements for visa application ; but until now no feedback from qatar embassy . its almost 40days today . i do hope someone can answer my query . by the way i am from philippines . regards ; jm	i am waiting for around 3 months for the same . do not know when they release work visa and what the actual duration . i think there is no actual duration for work visa issuance .	NonFactual
qatar living lounge # transporting beer ## was driving back from qdc today ; in a bit of a hurry so i was not thinking when i left the 24 of beer on the passenger seat . some qatari drove past me in his land cruiser and took a pic with his phone . could this be a problem ?	yes as far as you have a liquor permit and going home straight to the house from qdc you fine . dont worry .	NonFactual
working in qatar # end of service benefit ## what is the computation of gratuity or end of service benefits for the working period of 7 years ? thanks to confirm .	21 days per year	True
family life in qatar # babysitting in doha ## hi all . we have a young baby 2 months old . my wife has to resume work by the middle of september . we are looking for babycare options here . is there any babysitting facility available in doha ?	hi ! im a filipna matured im looking o work as babysitter live out and also take to my home call me if any interested party or kabayan pinoy . # 44342471 thanks and may god bless .	NonFactual
advice and help # what is qtel customer service number ## what is qtel customer service number ?	111 . but you are better off visiting their shop personally . unless you are a very patient person and prefer waiting half an hour in their customer care hotline . p	True
qatar living lounge # doha airport vs doha malls ## are the items inside doha airport ( duty free ) cheaper compared to those that are sold inside the malls ?	oh ok ; my bad ! i read it wrongly ! i think its cheaper in duty free but not much of a difference .	False
family life in qatar # american married to a qatari ## i will soon marry a qatari man and live in doha . recently i was told that once i am married and in qatar that i will not be allowed to travel back to the usa or any country without my husbands permission . can someone tell me if this is correct ? i have tried researching this but have not found any definite information . also ; if there are any american women married to a qatari on ql ; i would love to ask more questions . thank you	hi im married and i can travel any where with out my husand permission but the kids cant go out from qatar with out their father permission . and u can also travel any where with out this paper coz i think they changed the law now	True
qatari culture # visiting my boyfriend ## i am an american woman . my boyfriend is egyptian who lives and works in doha . i am coming for a visit in june . i know that living together is not allowed . is there going to be any issue about coming for a visit to see him ? thanks for your responses .	again . they will not ask you anything . all the procedure of getting visa takes about 23 minutes . they just check your passport ; collect the payment ( be ready to pay something like qr50 ; which is about us15 by credit card ) ; put the stamp in your passprot ; and you are in . imgassistnid102563titleqsdesclinknonealignleftwidthheight0 copyrightmr . paul	NonFactual
doha shopping # where to buy asian sizes of ladies clothes ? ## we are new philipino couples comer in qatar . we have attended many shops in doha ; but we have difficulties in searching the proper size of asian ladies clothes ; shoes sandals . anyone knows ? please inform us . thank you friendly couple .	we provide the high quality clothes ; shoes and bags ; especially for asian ladies ( indonesia ; malaysia ; philipina ; thailand ; china ; etc ) in qatar with an affordable price based on their quality . we are ready to supply these clothes to you ; both individually and to the fashion shops in qatar . we will not charge you for delivery to your address around doha cityqatar . please visit our website . we also always online on facebook . or runa mode . you can open our album in our facebook and will find many types and sizes .	NonFactual
qatari culture # hugging a female friend ## hi friends ; i am meeting my childhood female friend after many years in qatar . she is also an expat like me . will i be arrested or land in trouble if i greet her with a hug ?	i do not think anybody gives a damn about what you do when you are sure that u r not doing anything wrong . as far as hugging in public at the airport . nobody will care . but do restrict yourself to hugging only . check wikipedia about definition of 'hug . different country has many different ways of hugging which may be little akward here . just be decent and life will be good .	NonFactual
doha shopping # is tofu banned in qatar ? ## i have tried to check all possible supermarkets in the whole doha and i cant find a tofu . do you have any idea where i can get one ? please ; i cant live life without it . thank you !	i had it yesterday . you can usually find it in the refrigerated section at megamart .	True
advice and help # where does your dog stay in qatar when youre away ? ## hello qatarliving ! my family and i will be away for vacation . please tell me about the reliable places in doha where you put your dog in when youre out of town ! i dont know where to take him and i dont trust anyone to do that for me (	calle poppy janet from paws and claws . her number is 528 6335 . she might still have place . when you go away you should idealy book your dogs in early in the year ; because at this time the places are almost fully booked up . x	True
working in qatar # end of service benefit ## what is the computation of gratuity or end of service benefits for the working period of 7 years ? thanks to confirm .	service gratuity is granted minimum of 1 year continuous service in the company . the computation is like gratuitylast basic salary x 70 ( this is 21 days ) x length of service in years	True
socialising # tennis ( club ) ## i am very interested to know if there are any expatriate tennis clubs in doha that anyone can join ? i am at a decent standard and would like to play once twice per week so joining a club would be ideal . if anyone ( who is also at a decent level ) would like a game then please drop me an email and we can arrange something . thanks	hi i wud love u play tennis as much as possible . so ; if you guys can use one more player ; please count me in . i can be reached at . regards rana	NonFactual
welcome to qatar # i have visiting visa for work ; so can i drive ; i have egyptian license ? ## i have visiting visa for work ; so can i drive ; i have egyptian license ?	no you cannot . if you have international driving license you can . anyway i do not know exactly just check with rent a car shop near by your area .	False
family life in qatar # what is homoglobin ? ## please anone explain me regading homoglobin bcz doctor told me your homoglobin is low ! thanks	hemoglobin is a protein that is carried by red cells . it picks up oxygen in the lungs and delivers it to the peripheral tissues to maintain the viability of cells . hemoglobin is made from two similar proteins that stick together . both proteins must be present for the hemoglobin to pick up and release oxygen normally . one of the component proteins is called alpha ; the other is beta . before birth ; the beta protein is not expressed . a hemoglobin protein found only during fetal development ; called gamma ; substitutes up until birth .	True
qatari culture # can a person wear dhoti ( mundu ) while travelling2qatar ## can anyone advise whether can an aged person travelling to qatar from kerala can wear kerala style mundu ( dhothi ) . is it prohibited by law ?	he can wear what he likes . hope he has a safe journey and enjoys his stay .	False
qatari culture # hugging a female friend ## hi friends ; i am meeting my childhood female friend after many years in qatar . she is also an expat like me . will i be arrested or land in trouble if i greet her with a hug ?	yes better to avoid hugging in public . even holding hands .	False
moving to qatar # vaccinations needed before i come to doha ? ## i am in the process of coming over to work in doha . i wanted to know if their were any specific shots and vaccinations i should get before coming over . i want to try and get these things completed before i leave the us . any insight would be much appreciated .	yes there are ; though it varies depending on which country you come from . in the uk ; the doctor has a list of all countries and the vaccinations needed for each . i'll imagine they have the same in the us .	True
doha shopping # indian wedding outfit ( lehnga ) ? ## hi ; i am gonna get married soon so i was wondering if anyone knew where i am able to get a wedding lehnga made or brought thanks	i dont think you get good ones in doha . are you looking for white ? mostly wedding dresses in india comes in bright colors mostly in red . you can do a google search there are some indian designers who take online orders . try dana centre in souq they have some heavy lachalehnga material . not sure if someone here can stich it properly .	True
working in qatar # end of service benefit ## what is the computation of gratuity or end of service benefits for the working period of 7 years ? thanks to confirm .	example last basic salary qr10 ; 000 length of service 5 years 10000 x 0 . 70 x 5 qr 35000 note 21 days or 70 is minimum requirement from labour law . if your company gives you more than that then its very good !	True
welcome to qatar # how hot is doha at the moment ? ## what is the weather temperature like in doha at the moment ? i have been reading the forum topics about the need for heaters during the winter months . am quite worried .	i think your question is opposite of your explanation . anyhow ; 30degree right now	NonFactual
family life in qatar # where is delhi sweets . ## when musheirib ( national area ) existed ; there was one small sweet shop called delhi sweets ; where we used to get good laddoos ; samosas and jalebis . but since that area got demolished ; more than a year back . i cannot trace the shop ; dont know where they moved ; resettled . does anyone knows ; where it is ? which location exactly . please advise . thanks .	they did not relocatereopen . go with bombay sweets behind qatar toyota building ( old navigation building lane ) .	False
salary and allowances # what is the monthly salary ? ## what is the monthly salary paid by oil companies such as qatar petroleum ; qatar gas ; shell ; dolphin energy ; etc for an expatriate mechanical engineer with 28 years of working experience in the oil gas industry ?	hi there . with 28 years experience on these companies more than 25000qatari riyals excluding accommodation and car . good luck !	False
family life in qatar # car seats ## what carseat brands are available in qatar ? im just not sure if i should bring the kids carseats from norway ; not sure how the airlines will treat the seats ; and are a bit worried that they will break them .	we brought ours from the uk . we just bubble wrapped it and checked it in with the rest of the lugguage simple as that . he who dares wins	NonFactual
advice and help # what is qtel customer service number ## what is qtel customer service number ?	111 customer service # 180 to find out any #	True
family life in qatar # what is homoglobin ? ## please anone explain me regading homoglobin bcz doctor told me your homoglobin is low ! thanks	hemoglobin is the protein molecule in red blood cells that carries oxygen from the lungs to the body is tissues and returns carbon dioxide from the tissues to the lungs . the iron contained in hemoglobin is responsible for the red color of blood . you should eat alot of green vegitables and salads ; your hb will come up dont worry .	True
family life in qatar # tipping ? ## do you do it ; and how much do you leave if you do ? back home we leave 15 20 percent .	1 qr at fuel ; 1 at snacks ; upto 5 at dinner usually .	NonFactual
qatari culture # is it ok for women to wear makeup ? ## sorry for the ignorant question ; but i need to know before i move to qatar if wearing makeup is frowned on or not . i have heard nothing one way or the other ; but i thought it might be considered immodest for the same reasons as displaying the body or hair ( like it is for traditional nuns ) . i only wear a little makeup ; but i do not want to look like a painted lady to anyone .	i do wear make up on . nothing to worry about it . just when you thought your make up is heavy ; wait till you see the local ladies remove their veil and you'll realize how light yours is . silent g	True
visas and permits # just what to ask if it is possible to work in qatar if you we are banned in dubai ? tnx !	ban in dubai does not affect your working in qatar . personal experience )	NonFactual
welcome to qatar # any carrefour ? ## is there any carrefour which is open ? please update . thanks in advance .	landmark	True
environment # recycling places in doha ## hello to all ! to get rid of my collected old bottles ; paper ; glasses and so on i ask you where can i find some recycling places in doha ? i know this sphere is not very advanced in that state . please tell me exact locations ; with things i can bring to and if necessary the business hours ! p . s . please no discussion about the usefulness of recycling . i want to do it anyway !	al bidda park has recycling bins for paper ; plastic and glass . the recycling bins are located towards the back of the park ; on the opposite side of the corniche . hope that helps !	True
qatar living lounge # visa for dubai for qatar rp holder ## i have heard that it#39 ; s really fun to drive from qatar to dubai on the weekend ( obviosly if you have a 4 x 4 drive ) . my question is do i need to get a visa if i want to go to dubai if i have a residence permit of qatar ?	well for uae visa you will have to go 3 times to the embassy . but for saudi transit visa just go to the agent and you will get it stamped in 5days .	NonFactual
family life in qatar # any programs for onam ## hi mallus . advanced onam wishes . any programs stage shows for this coming onam ? .	white saree ; ya ya the galz really look very beautiful in it . but when it rains and they wearing white saree looks awesome .	NonFactual
visas and permits # medical test ## hi all ; are hepatitis b c checked for in the medical test for nonmedical professionals ? basically ; i have been getting conflicting information on this . some say that hep b c are tested for everyone applying for residence permit . others say that only medical professionals ; primary school teachers and food handlers are tested for hep b c . please discuss !	medical check is for everyone mate give me some sunshine . give me some rain give me another chance . i wanna grow up once again	True
advice and help # what are the timings for dolphin penguin show in doha spring festival 2013 ?	i have not been there in the show . the whole details are there in the link . just open the link . click souq wakif . scroll down . click on the arrow shown at the down near the pictures . bungee jumping timing feb 7 21 . 4p . m . 8p . m sky diving feb 7 21 . 4pm . 8 . 30p . m . dolphin show feb 7 28 . 2 shows daily . 4p ; m . 6p . m . hope it helps you . do we need to buy tickets in advance for dolphin show ? can someone please answer me for this ?	NonFactual
advice and help # what is qtel customer service number ## what is qtel customer service number ?	111	True
moving to qatar # moving house how long will qtel take ? ## i am moving to a new villa this weekend . does anyone now how long qtel takes to move internet and landline ; how long will i be without a connection ? i have not spoken to them yet ; just want to get the general idea .	according to qtel it will take at least 7 working days . but in our case . it took 10 working days due to line problem .	NonFactual
qatar living lounge # child seat belts ## while driving in doha last night i witness a sad incident . a man was driving with his child on his lap . he had to make an emergency stop and his childs head impacted the steering wheel . the poor child was bleeding and crying . many times i have seen children not properly secured in vehicles . is there not a law regarding child safety in vehicles here in qatar ?	yes there is a law ; unfortunately ; not too much enforcement and some people are too arrogant to follow . i see lots everyday .	True
family life in qatar # french speaking nursery ## does anyone know if there is a french speaking nursery in doha ? if so do you have contact details ? thanks percy	my friends in doha register their daughter to perles d'avenir nursery and they really recommend me . i was suspicious about the nurseries in qatar ; in security ; hygien ; education . i really took time to decide and after tryed in perles d'avenir ; i am amazingly happy and assured . it is a wonderful environnement with honest ; open mind ; communication ; and strict norm of hygien ; security ; healthy . i really love this place for my best thing that i never had my daughter ! and what else for her that the best of caring ! i really recommend ! for anyone interested ; they have website . ( it is in french ; few things in english or contact them phone on website )	True
socialising # the dream match to watch ## today india pakistan match t20 cricket world cup . is there any park where the match will be screened live on the screen in doha ?	doha rocks will be showing it but on tv	NonFactual
qatar living lounge # where to buy cheap but original perfumes ? ## just arrived 3 days ago from uae . please help where to find cheap but original perfumes ? thanks .	industrial area alatiya market but only friday	NonFactual
visas and permits # travelling to uae by car ## my wife i want to drive to the uae ; next month . i understand about the visa situation ; and i can cope with that . my question is am i allowed to drive out of qatar in my car that i have not finished paying for from the bank ? my friend told me he seems to remember hearing that it was not possible ; and that somehow ; they know this at the border and will not allow me to leave . can anyone confirm this ? thanks for your help . cheers !	check with the saudi embassy or the transit visa agents . maybe they can help out . if your number one goal is to make sure that everyone likes and approves of you ; then you risk sacrificing your uniqueness and ; therefore ; your excellence .	NonFactual
socialising # discos in qatar ## friends anybody knows anything about disco bars in qatar ? thanks	qube . rocking . jammed pack aroud 3000 ppl every night . ql ladies love this joint .	False
doha shopping # is the perfume in souq original ? ## hi am new here . i just wonder if the perfumes sold in souq al jabor were original items ? plese i need ur opinion . am scouting one for my sister .	yes be very cautious and you hv to know the original smell before you buy from the souk . but so far i bought 8 bottles and all good . everybody is right and everybody is wrong ; its depend where you stand	NonFactual
welcome to qatar # any carrefour ? ## is there any carrefour which is open ? please update . thanks in advance .	the one in landmark .	True
sightseeing and tourist attractions # are bachelors allowed in villagio mall on fridays ? ## hi am a bachelor here ( decent executive ) and i want to watch a movie on friday at the villagio mall cinema can i go i mean i heard friday is shopping malls are only for families etc . ; is this true ? pls do let me know best harish	as per rules ; yes its family day on fridays . but whether you would actually be barred from entry depends upon various factors like your nationality ; security guard on duty and your luck . )	True
doha shopping # pedicure in city centre ## is there anywhere in city centre that does pedicures ?	kiwikitten ; if you go to that kiddies beauty salon opposite xtreme world ( the other end of cinema ) the same salon have separate corner of ladies salon . i asked they said they do mani pedi . no idea with the quality because i never try it .	NonFactual
sports in qatar # boxing fitness gym ## does anyone knows a boxing gym here in qatar ? im thinking of doing sports that just running on a treadmill to lose weight . and i need to lose weight . i was diagnosed of polycystic ovaries and first intervention is to trim myself down . if anyone of you knows a fitness gym here that offers boxing please tell me . that would be a great help . thanks !	hi ; check out our website . we do one on one personal training sessions . they can include circuit training and boxing pad work to build up your strength and stamina . good luck on improving your fitness . if there is anything we can help you with you can contact us through our website .	NonFactual
doha shopping # where can i print onto mugs or cups ? ## i would like a message to be printed on to mugs or cups . where can i have this type of printing done ?	you can call karisma international ; they do have mugs and do full colour printing on mug ; not limited to this as well ; they have many solution as well ; they are located in salwa road call raafat 33117507	True
sightseeing and tourist attractions # park near villagio ## does anyone know the name of the park near villagio mall ? thanks	aspire ; really nice place . afterall . entry free . ( ana free jana free ; pakray gay tou khana free ) sorry just a bad joke	True
doha shopping # pedicure in city centre ## is there anywhere in city centre that does pedicures ?	check out paris nails at the landmark . dr . xray	False
visas and permits # tourist visa to australia ## hi how can i apply for tourist visa to australia in qatar ? . as i know there is no australian embassy in qatar ; any one can help me ; ? ; !	australian visa application centre sherif building ; 5th floor opposite toyota towers doha ; qatar	True
family life in qatar # where is delhi sweets . ## when musheirib ( national area ) existed ; there was one small sweet shop called delhi sweets ; where we used to get good laddoos ; samosas and jalebis . but since that area got demolished ; more than a year back . i cannot trace the shop ; dont know where they moved ; resettled . does anyone knows ; where it is ? which location exactly . please advise . thanks .	it is near small al meera ( besides post office ) in muntaza area .	NonFactual
qatar living lounge # visa in australia ## hi guys ; need ur help ! is there anyone here knows how to apply for visit visa in australia ( aside from online application ) here in qatar ? i heard that they dont have their embassy here . i already got the form ( downloaded from the internet ) but dont know where to submit . if possible give me the telephone number location . hoping for ur most urgent response . thank you so much !	embassy address 14th floor ; al muhairy centre ; sheikh zayed the first street ; abu dhabi telephone 9712 6346 100 fax 9712 639 3525	False
visas and permits # exit permits ## hello everyone ; i am coming to doha soon from south africa and i beleive that once i am there i need an exit permit to leave ; does anyone know what this means . can i visit dubai without an exit permit ; i know i cant come to south africa with out a permit ?	the company i am going to said i can only get one exit permit a year ; is that correct or is it for them to decide .	NonFactual
computers and internet # between carrefour and jarir ; which of the two has the lower price for laptops ?	carrefour is cheaper .	NonFactual
family life in qatar # what is homoglobin ? ## please anone explain me regading homoglobin bcz doctor told me your homoglobin is low ! thanks	homoglobin is a prejudice against globin . its actually haemoglobin ; a deficiency can be due to many factors . if you are deficient you are known as being anaemic . google it for more details .	True
salary and allowances # flight benefits for qatar airways employees ## i am seriously considering working for qatar airways but do not seem to be able to find out what kind of flight benefits they offer for their employees and family . anyone who know more about this or if they even offer flight benefits ? i know it is not the most important part of the contract but all other airlines offer it ! thanks .	yeah ; you get free flights but you have to give out a few drinksfood and clear away a bag of vomit to get the free flights ; and the destination probably is not where you would choose but hey its a flight . mmmmm free flight to thiruvananthapuram . nice .	False
welcome to qatar # looking for professional venereologist ## can any one help me to find good and professional venereologist here in doha ?	dr . amjad m . adi in his card says dermatologist ; veneorologist last august he was working in qatar medical center ; at least as dermatologist ; maybe u can check there hope it helps	False
family life in qatar # tipping ? ## do you do it ; and how much do you leave if you do ? back home we leave 15 20 percent .	i give 10 .	NonFactual
family life in qatar # ikea ## hi all ; is there any ikea showroom in and around doha ? kindly reply thank you	not right now but it is coming very soon !	False
qatari culture # hugging a female friend ## hi friends ; i am meeting my childhood female friend after many years in qatar . she is also an expat like me . will i be arrested or land in trouble if i greet her with a hug ?	physical show of loveaffection towards each other by adult opposite sexes in public is something that should to be avoided in qatar for obvious reasons . if the reason was not obvious ; you would not have asked this question .	False
moving to qatar # moving house how long will qtel take ? ## i am moving to a new villa this weekend . does anyone now how long qtel takes to move internet and landline ; how long will i be without a connection ? i have not spoken to them yet ; just want to get the general idea .	3 days ? yeah right . 10 days on average but there is a way to get it done faster . let is hope the great one reads your thread ; ) there is a a great guy on ql who can solve your problem immediately but i wonder whether he will be online today .	NonFactual
visas and permits # medical test ## hi all ; are hepatitis b c checked for in the medical test for nonmedical professionals ? basically ; i have been getting conflicting information on this . some say that hep b c are tested for everyone applying for residence permit . others say that only medical professionals ; primary school teachers and food handlers are tested for hep b c . please discuss !	as i told u hepatitis bc are checked for everyone applying for residence permit . if the result is positive u go back where u came from . and i know all of the above because my husband is a consultant pathologist . cheers never say never	True
visas and permits # exit permits ## hello everyone ; i am coming to doha soon from south africa and i beleive that once i am there i need an exit permit to leave ; does anyone know what this means . can i visit dubai without an exit permit ; i know i cant come to south africa with out a permit ?	i think i am going on a working visa as the company i am going to are sorting my visa out ; so are there places i can go or am i stuck in doha ?	NonFactual
qatar living lounge # bahrain shop . please pm me ; the topic is a bit sensitive ## please ; anyone ? do they have spinney is or choitrams there ?	better watch out b4 you get kicked out by admin . there is no such thing here in qatar because its banned and forebidden in islam . and second thing pm mr . paul as he is the only member here from bahrain no one else . imgassistnid73057title . desclinknonealignleftwidthheight0	NonFactual
qatar living lounge # visa in australia ## hi guys ; need ur help ! is there anyone here knows how to apply for visit visa in australia ( aside from online application ) here in qatar ? i heard that they dont have their embassy here . i already got the form ( downloaded from the internet ) but dont know where to submit . if possible give me the telephone number location . hoping for ur most urgent response . thank you so much !	aramex has office to submit australian visa . 100 sure	NonFactual
qatar living lounge # how old baby can travel qatar airways ? ## hi qlrs . could u pls advice ; after how many weeks a new born baby can travel outside qatar via qatarairways and does the baby needs visa to come qatar again after few months ?	most airline policies allow travel for infants from two weeks old .	NonFactual
qatar living lounge # doha aquarium ## i know i just asked a similar question but is the aquarium in doha open ? thanks )	there was an aquarium some 20 years back . now the whole place is under renovation .	True
family life in qatar # lady fitness ## does anybody knows a lady fitness center ; exept the one at salwa road ? thanks for your help .	how are you doing girl ? well . al massa charges qr1000 for 3 months as i am aware . and if you pay for the whole year ; it will cost you something qr24002500 . unless they increased the fee . i personally like gym at the sehati beauty mall ; as they have the best selection of machines so far ; even though it is still way too poor comparing to gyms in canada ; but at least it is better then other gyms . if you need only classes ; the best choice is aspire . btw ; i have never heard of nero blanco too . can someone explain where is that exactly and how to get there ? thanks . imgassistnid102563titleqsdesclinknonealignleftwidthheight0 copyrightmr . paul	False
sports in qatar # where can i go running ; other than the cornich ?	aspire has a nice lake to jog around .	True
visas and permits # can a wife sponsor his husband here ? ## hi ! just want to know if a wife can sponsor his husband here ? my friend is asking . all i know is that a husband as well as a father can . but i am not sure whether a wife can . thanks	that is not a problem ; i got several friends that are sponsored by their wife is .	False
advice and help # al rayyah driving school ## does anyone have the phonenumber of al rayyah drivingschool ? thanks ! greetz j . ) )	al khebra driving school 4907671 alhasbaa driving school 4907482 almehwar driving school 4602182 alrrayah driving school 4877700 doha driving centre 4792263 gulf driving school director 4652822 qatar modern driving school 4813490 united driving co 4681003 sid	NonFactual
qatari culture # can qatari girls allow marry indian ? ## why arab girls not getting marry indian man	im going to be honest and blunt . i think its because most qatari woman dont find indian men very attractive . im just telling you what i think ; im a qatari man and to be honest i dont care where your from it depends if i like you enough .	NonFactual
visas and permits # can an american woman travel with her kids in and out of the country without a man or a exit visa ? ## hi ; i have a chance to relocate to doha and would love to photograph the middle east bu . can an american woman travel with her kids in and out of the country without a man or a exit visa ?	yeah ; and exit permit can be done in 3 minutes over the internet if your sponsor has an internet access to it . otherwise it takes few hours .	NonFactual
visas and permits # just what to ask if it is possible to work in qatar if you we are banned in dubai ? tnx !	it is possible	NonFactual
qatar living lounge # transporting beer ## was driving back from qdc today ; in a bit of a hurry so i was not thinking when i left the 24 of beer on the passenger seat . some qatari drove past me in his land cruiser and took a pic with his phone . could this be a problem ?	i agree with tallg and gypsy ; even though you have a liqour permit you need to be discrete when transporting booze to your place ; if you are a little bit observant there is a notice at qdc stating that transporting ligouqrs ; specifically on those cartons ; should be placed inside the trunk of their car ; and should not be exposed .	NonFactual
salary and allowances # what does full package means ? ## theres a job offer which states monthly salary qr 30 ; 000 full package . i just wanted to ask if this means 30 ; 000k plus housing ; automobile and other expenses ; or if it means that the qr 30 ; 000 is the full package and from these you have to discount housing ; automobile ; etc . thanks .	full package means including all the allowances ( housing ; transport etc ) its qr 30 ; 000 .	True
welcome to qatar # any carrefour ? ## is there any carrefour which is open ? please update . thanks in advance .	go to landmark or carrefour market at abu humor	True
health and fitness # where can i buy workoutbodybuilding supplements besides the gnc shops ? ## can anyone help ? gnc has a small selection and is very expensive . thanks !	check this out .	True
pets and animals # where can i get to buy a goldfish here ? ## i tried getting contact numbers of a couple of places ; but they wouldnt answer the phone !	the shop name is goldenfish leading to mansoora from najma area . the tel no . 4310304 ask for aseela . i myself bought from them very good and very resonable price . they have acqatic plants too .	True
visas and permits # can an american woman travel with her kids in and out of the country without a man or a exit visa ? ## hi ; i have a chance to relocate to doha and would love to photograph the middle east bu . can an american woman travel with her kids in and out of the country without a man or a exit visa ?	lady is are free to exit qatar any time no need for any kinds of permanent	False
qatar living lounge # how much the ipad in qatar will cost ? ## does anyone know ?	we were at the phone souq last friday and were told an ipad costs 3 ; 500 qr	NonFactual
visas and permits # exit permits ## hello everyone ; i am coming to doha soon from south africa and i beleive that once i am there i need an exit permit to leave ; does anyone know what this means . can i visit dubai without an exit permit ; i know i cant come to south africa with out a permit ?	your biggest problem being you have a south african passport my friend is in the same boat ! if you are on a business visa then the answer is yes if you want to leave the country you have to have a exit visa if you are on a visit visa then no you do not but you will need a visa to get into dubai !	False
doha shopping # is tofu banned in qatar ? ## i have tried to check all possible supermarkets in the whole doha and i cant find a tofu . do you have any idea where i can get one ? please ; i cant live life without it . thank you !	tofu ; you can buy tofu at the indo grocery near alfardan centre . they also have tofu at irani grocery in soq al asiri . markhiya ? ummm ; try carrefour landmark ?	NonFactual
pets and animals # i want to adopt a dog . ## i want someone to share my life with . but i want labrador retriever . is there any chance i can find here in qatar ?	check out qaws . they have quite a few dogs for adoption .	True
qatar living lounge # villagio ## villagio is on fire agagin today ?	no it was sidra hospital	NonFactual
visas and permits # just what to ask if it is possible to work in qatar if you we are banned in dubai ? tnx !	if you are banned in dubai you are banned in all gcc .	NonFactual
doha shopping # indian wedding outfit ( lehnga ) ? ## hi ; i am gonna get married soon so i was wondering if anyone knew where i am able to get a wedding lehnga made or brought thanks	or lahore in doha you can go to karahba street ; there are two main shops selling wedding exclusives .	NonFactual
welcome to qatar # toys for adults ? ## before anyone comments i know this is a muslim country and certain things are forbidden here . but one of our friends is getting married and we want to play some pranks on him n her . so does anyone know if there is any shop in doha that sells toys for adults or sex toys ? just lemme know . thnx	as you have said this is a muslim country ; no chance for such things like that . harammmmmmmmmm !	True
salary and allowances # business meeting ? ## guys ; i am just enquiring about what one should wear to business meetings in doha ? are there certain things a man should or should not wear ( serious replys only not like a man should not wear a dress ) ! thanks gino	suit tie even 45 degree temp .	True
family life in qatar # french speaking nursery ## does anyone know if there is a french speaking nursery in doha ? if so do you have contact details ? thanks percy	there is a french school here . do not know the ages but my neighbor is 3 yr old goes there . also ; tots corner nursery has french and arabic lessons . tots corner 468 8008 . ( email ) french school 496 4300 .	True
doha shopping # is the perfume in souq original ? ## hi am new here . i just wonder if the perfumes sold in souq al jabor were original items ? plese i need ur opinion . am scouting one for my sister .	i used to buy perfumes from this retailer ; i bought hugo boss from highland and then i bought the same one from this guy . both of them smelled the same and lasted for the same amount of time . since that time ; i just buy my perfumes from the retaile store at the souq . dont remember the name of the shop ; but its opposite to national panasonic near souq al jabor . it is always the small things that make big differences .	NonFactual
visas and permits # exit permits ## hello everyone ; i am coming to doha soon from south africa and i beleive that once i am there i need an exit permit to leave ; does anyone know what this means . can i visit dubai without an exit permit ; i know i cant come to south africa with out a permit ?	so you will be on a business visa until your rp comes through all you have to do is tell your company when you are going and they will apply for a exit visa which is just a piece of paper really saying you are allowed to go and they will also get you the entrance visa for when you come back ! you can go wher you like just remember to check if you need a visa for the other countries you wish to visit ! also make sure they have done your business visa before you fly out so it is sorted for when you land !	True
qatar living lounge # guys help me if you can ## i got a speed fine . my car was clocked doing 91kmhr . i want to contest that fine . how do i best do that ? i have never driven over the limit ever . i respect the speed limit here and everywhere i drive . it is so unfair . ta .	moi . gov . qa	False
family life in qatar # tipping ? ## do you do it ; and how much do you leave if you do ? back home we leave 15 20 percent .	depend on hospitality and respect . it can touch the extreme level e . g . 15 to 30	NonFactual
salary and allowances # licensed aircraft engineer ## hi i ve been offered a job as a licensed aircraft engineer in qatar airways ; the salary is around 20000qar including everything ; is there any additionnal allowance regarding license and type ratings ? because the salary doesnt include any related allowance ; and what about the toolbox is it provided by the company or i have to bring mine . thank you for replying	btw ; on your package you will have an international medical insurance ; and 75 of the childerns school fees will be shouldered by qr . tools you have to bring your own ; only special tools are there on the tool room . but you can always buy your tools here ; i know there is a distributor here of snapon ) hope this helps live your life as simple as you are money does not create man ; but it is the man who created money do not do what others say ; just listen to them ; but do what you feel good	NonFactual
qatari culture # is it ok for women to wear makeup ? ## sorry for the ignorant question ; but i need to know before i move to qatar if wearing makeup is frowned on or not . i have heard nothing one way or the other ; but i thought it might be considered immodest for the same reasons as displaying the body or hair ( like it is for traditional nuns ) . i only wear a little makeup ; but i do not want to look like a painted lady to anyone .	local women wear too much makeup ; most of them look over the top caked with powder ; for some reason they like thin painted brows . in general ; i find the locals do not really care what you look like and what you wear .	True
family life in qatar # lady fitness ## does anybody knows a lady fitness center ; exept the one at salwa road ? thanks for your help .	nero blanco gym along airport area . it is a men and women is gym . fee is 10001500qar per year .	True
family life in qatar # tipping ? ## do you do it ; and how much do you leave if you do ? back home we leave 15 20 percent .	2qr at fuel and 5 to 10 at dinner depending on service .	NonFactual
environment # recycling places in doha ## hello to all ! to get rid of my collected old bottles ; paper ; glasses and so on i ask you where can i find some recycling places in doha ? i know this sphere is not very advanced in that state . please tell me exact locations ; with things i can bring to and if necessary the business hours ! p . s . please no discussion about the usefulness of recycling . i want to do it anyway !	thats right we also have got recycle thing is dahal al hamam park wch is close to landmark mall x	True
qatari culture # smoke after dark during ramadan ?	yes ; you can smoke after sunset during ramadhan ; as normal days .	True
family life in qatar # ikea ## hi all ; is there any ikea showroom in and around doha ? kindly reply thank you	in doha no . in kuwait yes . in dubai yes .	False
opportunities # free arabic lesson ## do you know any institution or organization that offers free arabic speaking lesson ? please let me know . thanks !	go to al fanar ; near to souq waqif	False
sports in qatar # table tennis ## hello all i will be relocating from the uk to qatar september time ; i currently play tt in the 3rd division of a local league . i have seen posts about tt but most are noncurrent is there a league or tt clubs nights in doha ? i am keen to play . mike	i talked with the coach of club al wakrah and they want a boys ages 7 to 8 . they will train your kid and even pay him and it is good enviroment . ya gat 10 clubs in total wakrah ; al jaish ; al garrafa to name a few .	False
doha shopping # where can i print onto mugs or cups ? ## i would like a message to be printed on to mugs or cups . where can i have this type of printing done ?	try pixel graphics ; they can do printings on any thing . they are located at salwa road near dhl office . call pixel on 4505151 .	NonFactual
computers and internet # between carrefour and jarir ; which of the two has the lower price for laptops ?	carrefour may be cheaper but definitely jarir has the edge over beforesales and aftersales service . you ask a carrefour salesman about technical matters and most probably you will not get a satisfactory answer . assuming you get hold of a salesman ! would qrs . 20 . 00 difference be enough for your headache ?	NonFactual
qatari culture # hugging a female friend ## hi friends ; i am meeting my childhood female friend after many years in qatar . she is also an expat like me . will i be arrested or land in trouble if i greet her with a hug ?	c'mon . this is a hug we are talking about . not sex . is this country that far gone ? a hug and a friendly kiss is not going to be a problem . i am sure of it .	NonFactual
investment and finance # personal loans from islamic banks ## hi ql frns ; is there any islamic bank in qatar which give personal loans ? i need loans without interest . appreciate comments .	yes dear qatar islamic bank . giving very low interest loan . but mostly giving working in government department . but you can try and see . take care	False
qatari culture # smoke after dark during ramadan ?	the ramadan nights are not to smoke . to let go your sins .	NonFactual
education # more salary paying gulf country ? ## in my view qatar pay more salary for workers in gulf region . my friend argu kuwait . which country paying more salary for workers ?	i think it is qatar but i think bcos it is also the most costly place in gulf .	False
sightseeing and tourist attractions # park near villagio ## does anyone know the name of the park near villagio mall ? thanks	aspire . everybody is allowed to go to aspire . we always spend our time with kids there in the evening .	True
doha shopping # pedicure in city centre ## is there anywhere in city centre that does pedicures ?	there is a little beauty shop near al jarree book shop called the london salon . they are great in there and it is very fair cost . i will hoist that up the flag pole and see who salutes it !	False
computers and internet # between carrefour and jarir ; which of the two has the lower price for laptops ?	carrefour	NonFactual
salary and allowances # what is the monthly salary ? ## what is the monthly salary paid by oil companies such as qatar petroleum ; qatar gas ; shell ; dolphin energy ; etc for an expatriate mechanical engineer with 28 years of working experience in the oil gas industry ?	well i can answer u that . i was working with one recruitment company where v used to employ people from all parts of the world for oil gas sector . i had witnessed some people of ur calibure demanding upto 40000 car housing allowance other benefits . if u r a westerner then u have a upper hand . u can demand more and can negotiate further . and sorry i cant tell u the name of the company where v placed our candidates . but v worked for almost all major comapnies of heres . so good luck !	False
pets and animals # where can i get to buy a goldfish here ? ## i tried getting contact numbers of a couple of places ; but they wouldnt answer the phone !	you may find different types of fish and gold fish in aqua art shop along salwa road just opposite of hardees .	True
doha shopping # pedicures for men ## where can my husband get a pedicure from ?	they have the shop at the city centre . downstairs in the parking near the pharmacy as well as inside the centre near ramada . you do need to take an appointment . aishataweela	NonFactual
pets and animals # can i bring my pitbulls to qatar ? ## i am considering getting a job in qatar and i have two very well behaved people friendly spayed pitbulls . apparently this breed is banned . would i have trouble importing them ? if anything happened to the dogs ; my husband would die ; and he will not leave them in canada if we go away . so i have to be sure they would be ok to be imported before considering taking a job .	yes you can bring it but be careful this kind of dog is very very very dangerous . because i have one that my friend brought it to my last year from kuwait . you can talk to doha airport to be sure about that .	False
qatar living lounge # are there any 24 hour gyms in qatar ? ## i am thinking of changing gyms when i go back this time ; but i wanna train early in the morning as opposed to regular hours when they are crowded ; anyone know of any 24 hour gyms in qatar ? i doubt they exist knowing qatar .	who already have land . and as far as picking up after folks . yes . but that happens everywhere . and is part of the staff is job . the gym equip at sheraton is actually quite a decent variety ; and hotel gyms are basically the only choice with the exception of golds . but for me that would mean driving completely across town to get there . but . still ; to have a gym that has everythingeveryone necessary ; would be pure heaven . as far as those that use steriods ; etc . to gain muscle . those guys have always reminded me of the old cartoon character atom ant . huge body with a itty bitty head . in fact ; i always end up laughing when i see them . and i know they cannot figure out why . most folks are about as happy as they make up their minds to be . abraham lincoln ( 1809 1865 )	True
visas and permits # gcc ban ## if a person leaving qatar for vacation doesnt return back from his country ; are there possibilities for gcc ban apart from the 2 year ban to qatar ?	then no . unless you had a security deportation from qatar a crime you committed ; you would also be blocked from gcc . why not just work outside gcc . ?	True
family life in qatar # tipping ? ## do you do it ; and how much do you leave if you do ? back home we leave 15 20 percent .	5 to 10 more or less depends on where you are and what you getting . for example i give tips for the workers in petrol stations for each time i full the tank . i meant to say just give what you think its reasonable coz tips doesnt have a specific range .	NonFactual
welcome to qatar # where i can get a funny ''baby on board'' car is stickers ?	you can find it in b ring road ; near crazy signal . just ask the car accessories store they all have it the price is 10 . 00 qr . good luck	NonFactual
salary and allowances # what is the monthly salary ? ## what is the monthly salary paid by oil companies such as qatar petroleum ; qatar gas ; shell ; dolphin energy ; etc for an expatriate mechanical engineer with 28 years of working experience in the oil gas industry ?	28 yrs of experience sure will land you with a min salary of 30k plus all the allowancesprobably more good luck	False
visas and permits # noc vs . family visa ## hi ; please can you help ; my wife does not have noc from qatar airways ; but we are married now so can i bring her legally on my family visa as her husband ? thanks !	as long as she does not intend to work during the time that she is oficially 'banned' ( from working 2 years from cancellation of her work visa ) she can enter the country legally on your sponsorship ( spouse dependent visa ) .	False
visas and permits # family travelling with maid to dubai by road ## hi ; this ramadan we will be going to dubai by road . we have done it twice before and have always got a visa on arrival at the uae border . the difference is this time we will be taking along our housemaid . my question is will she also get a visa on arrival at the uae border ? thanks	iam afraid she wont as she aint under ur sponsorship . its only permitted for locals to take their housemaids or driver in their sponsorship . anyways ; i can be wrong as well . the agency from where you get your saudi transit visa can advise you on this .	False
qatar living lounge # qatar national day ## hi ; just wanted to confirm qatar is national day . is it 18th of december ? thanks .	confirmed love is the answer .	True
socialising # the dream match to watch ## today india pakistan match t20 cricket world cup . is there any park where the match will be screened live on the screen in doha ?	sorry to inform you . but there is no place in doha where they will show it on bigscreen in any parks or restaurants . try to find any of your colleague who has got cricone channel under pehla or anyone who has got airtel or reliance dishtv where they show star cricket on it . dont wait to find any parks or restaurants . its of no use .	NonFactual
advice and help # us embassy qatar ## how to get to us embassy qatar ? i am set for an appointment and i do not know the driving directions . need your help ) thanks in advance !	you should state your point of origin . or follow the instructions as above mentioned open google maps ; google for us embassy in qatar and folow the directions to get there . regards !	True
sightseeing and tourist attractions # are bachelors allowed in villagio mall on fridays ? ## hi am a bachelor here ( decent executive ) and i want to watch a movie on friday at the villagio mall cinema can i go i mean i heard friday is shopping malls are only for families etc . ; is this true ? pls do let me know best harish	actually thats the rule ; but normally there is no problem for a well dressed decent guy .	True
salary and allowances # business meeting ? ## guys ; i am just enquiring about what one should wear to business meetings in doha ? are there certain things a man should or should not wear ( serious replys only not like a man should not wear a dress ) ! thanks gino	but yea right a suit imgassistnid73057title . desclinknonealignleftwidthheight0	True
doha shopping # pedicures for men ## where can my husband get a pedicure from ?	the scholl on city centre defenitely doing it for men .	False
family life in qatar # how cold is doha during winter ? ## i am just curious how cold is doha during winter ?	in 2006 it was a lovely winter . it was dark ; cloudy and rained for almost every day in december . we got trapped in doha on new years eve and were unable to get to dukhan such was the torrential rain . it rained on and off until april and then warmed up . the coldest night was 5c but generally 7c . i remember it rained when my parents were here and that was april 2007 . this last winter was not very cold at all ; only a few days of rain and never really got below 10c at night . i love winters here ; they are so cosy . on the down side ; houses are not built for winter so prepare to freeze and get leaks driping everywhere . the roads do not drain very well so very wet .	False
doha shopping # pedicures for men ## where can my husband get a pedicure from ?	lol ; there is a foot place at city center ; scholl if im not wrong . they do it for both men and women no human can stop racism .	False
welcome to qatar # toys for adults ? ## before anyone comments i know this is a muslim country and certain things are forbidden here . but one of our friends is getting married and we want to play some pranks on him n her . so does anyone know if there is any shop in doha that sells toys for adults or sex toys ? just lemme know . thnx	err ; i do not think you'll find it here .	False
qatar living lounge # guys help me if you can ## i got a speed fine . my car was clocked doing 91kmhr . i want to contest that fine . how do i best do that ? i have never driven over the limit ever . i respect the speed limit here and everywhere i drive . it is so unfair . ta .	and request the photo printout of the license plate . i know 3 people who were fined and when they went to double check found that the license plate pictured did not match their own . mistakes do happen . be prepared ; however ; to spend 3 hours at the traffic dept .	NonFactual
qatar living lounge # guys help me if you can ## i got a speed fine . my car was clocked doing 91kmhr . i want to contest that fine . how do i best do that ? i have never driven over the limit ever . i respect the speed limit here and everywhere i drive . it is so unfair . ta .	if you want to contest that fine ; be sure to spend big amount of money because you have to hire an attorney to depend you .	NonFactual
qatar living lounge # any private beaches in qatar ? ## any private beaches in qatar ? let me know if i can take my booze for beach party	while going to shammal after 40 km from doha you will find al gawariya resort ; beautiful on sea side and open beach to play around ; you will love to go again and again ; have fun .	True
qatar living lounge # qatar national day ## hi ; just wanted to confirm qatar is national day . is it 18th of december ? thanks .	yes its 18th december . ( before it was september 3 )	True
visas and permits # work permit ## how many days does it take to finish the processing of a work permit ?	these are two different things . tepgam67 is asking about work permit while being on family visa . shapil is talking about residence permit . that is what happens when unprofessional people try to give an advice . tepgam67 ; if you have an rp here ; to obtain a work permit you need police clearance and the contract certified in mol . how long it takes to finalize the process depends on several factors . ometimes it takes 34 days ; sometimes it takes 1 month and even more . if you do not have an rp here ( i . e . you are on 6 months family visa ) ; you cannot work ; and therefore you cannot obtain a work permit .	False
qatar living lounge # kid with guardian ## any one knows ; is it allowed to keep one year old kid in the lap of her mom in the front seat ( not in the driving seat ; of course ) ?	no anyone under 10 is not alowed to sit infront .	True
qatar living lounge # fitness gym in al sadd ## im new in qatar and im looking a fitness gym in al sadd . anyone know ?	there is a gym at the grand millenium hotel ; in al sadd .	True
qatar living lounge # how old baby can travel qatar airways ? ## hi qlrs . could u pls advice ; after how many weeks a new born baby can travel outside qatar via qatarairways and does the baby needs visa to come qatar again after few months ?	i bought my baby girl when she was three weeks old . she is now healthy and fine . i normaly assume the baby can travel after two weeks from qatar airways . you have to feed baby during take off and landing to avoid pressure diffrence . and should keep your hands clean ( by wet wipes ) before you touch the baby to avoid contamination . visa can be obtained on arrival for the baby .	NonFactual
working in qatar # end of service benefit ## what is the computation of gratuity or end of service benefits for the working period of 7 years ? thanks to confirm .	according to the qatar labour law ; article 54 in addition to any sums to which the worker is entitled to upon the expiry of his service ; the employer shall pay the end of service gratuity to the worker who has completed employment of one year or more . this gratuity shall be agreed upon by the two parties ; provided that it is not less than a threeweek wage for every year of employment . the worker shall be entitled to gratuity for the fractions of the year in proportion to the duration of employment . the worker is service shall be considered continuous if it is terminated in cases other than those stipulated in article ( 61 ) of this law and is returned to service within two months of its termination . the last basic wage shall be the base for the calculation of the gratuity . the employer is entitled to deduct from the service gratuity the amount due to him by the worker .	True
family life in qatar # what is homoglobin ? ## please anone explain me regading homoglobin bcz doctor told me your homoglobin is low ! thanks	hemoglabin is one of spideman is enemy . oh i think that is greengoblin . just kidding ; definition of hemoglabin hemoglobin ( ? ) ; n . hemo globe . ( physiol . ) the normal coloring matter of the red blood corpuscles of vertebrate animals . it is composed of hematin and globulin ; and is also called hmatoglobulin . in arterial blood ; it is always combined with oxygen ; and is then called oxyhemoglobin . it crystallizes under different forms from different animals ; and when crystallized ; is called hmatocrystallin .	True
qatari culture # visiting my boyfriend ## i am an american woman . my boyfriend is egyptian who lives and works in doha . i am coming for a visit in june . i know that living together is not allowed . is there going to be any issue about coming for a visit to see him ? thanks for your responses .	it is if someone calls the police . its very unlikely ; but you only have to offend one person . in reality the risk is very low ; i think .	NonFactual
sports in qatar # gym plus swimming pool ## hi guys ; can u please tell me any place which have gym as well as swimming pool with it in doha ? ! ? !	what is your budget ? if it is 500 qr a month try here . . for tenants it is free . they have few membership plans as well .	True
sightseeing and tourist attractions # park near villagio ## does anyone know the name of the park near villagio mall ? thanks	yep ; aspire park . anyone can go and there is always a good atmosphere . try a picnic on thursday or friday evening .	True
qatar living lounge # villagio ## villagio is on fire agagin today ?	.	NonFactual
pets and animals # where can i get to buy a goldfish here ? ## i tried getting contact numbers of a couple of places ; but they wouldnt answer the phone !	also at an aquarium near vegetable market in salwa road .	NonFactual
advice and help # experience necessary for nha license ? ## hello guys . i want to take nha licensure ( nurse ) here in qatar but i dont have any work experience in the philippines . i am currently working here now as a nurse in a construction company for almost 1yr . will nha allowed me to take licensure here even if i do not have the necessary experience required ? help please . thanks a lot and godbless .	you should not be working anywhere in qatar without an nha license ; so continuing in your current job for another year then showing that to nha as work experience may not be the best idea because as of now you are working illegally ! . you need to have minimum 2 years work experience outside qatar before coming here ; if you could be employed legally here without an nha license ; what is the point of them conducting the exam ? . so if you want to legally work in qatar ; go back to your home country ( does not matter where as long as you work legally . ) ; get two years legal work experience then come back here ; get your degree ; certificates work experience reviewed by dataflow ; then apply to take the licensure exam .	True
moving to qatar # colour blind acceptable by qp ? ## hey ; can anyone please tell me whether a colour blind engineer is acceptable to qp ?	dude u shud be fine . colors is not one of the tests u get when u get ur medical . one of the dudes in my dept is completely color blind and it was never an issue . but then again he is a lawyer . but i think its fine . i will ask at the office tmro tho to be 100 sure and let u know . cheerios . he who reigns within himself and rules passions ; desires ; and fears is more than a king .	False
socialising # tennis ( club ) ## i am very interested to know if there are any expatriate tennis clubs in doha that anyone can join ? i am at a decent standard and would like to play once twice per week so joining a club would be ideal . if anyone ( who is also at a decent level ) would like a game then please drop me an email and we can arrange something . thanks	i also play tennis with some friends . i also want to join a club . i play at khalifa tennis near foodruckers and bennigan is . once you go mac ; you'll never go back ! . .	True
welcome to qatar # where i can get a funny ''baby on board'' car is stickers ?	only from baby shop	NonFactual
welcome to qatar # looking for professional venereologist ## can any one help me to find good and professional venereologist here in doha ?	at hamad medical corporation is is called dermatology section ; phone 4397026 .	True
visas and permits # can an american woman travel with her kids in and out of the country without a man or a exit visa ? ## hi ; i have a chance to relocate to doha and would love to photograph the middle east bu . can an american woman travel with her kids in and out of the country without a man or a exit visa ?	without a man you can travel anywhere inside doha . yes ! it is not like america ; very safe country . nobody steal from you anything ; it is 100 guarantee . also ; out of qatar you can travel . but ; you need exit permit . yes ; even a man from mass need exit permit once need to go out of qatar . you are just an amarican lady only .	False
qatar living lounge # duty free ## ok ; i know that you can#39 ; t bring booze into the country . is there anything that should be brought in through duty free ?	porn and pork . that is 3 of my favourite things banned .	True
qatar living lounge # resignation ( release ; noc ) ## first of all i arrive in doha qatar and my visa is business visa . then i apply walkin as a receptionist in a small hotel . i am planning to pass a resignation letter . i just want to know ; that if a pass that letter and i want a release or no objection certificate . ( n . o . c ) do you think they will give it or not ? because if they do not give me release or n . o . c that will be a problem because they said i cannot come back here in doha for 2 years .	ask your employer not here .	NonFactual
qatari culture # hugging a female friend ## hi friends ; i am meeting my childhood female friend after many years in qatar . she is also an expat like me . will i be arrested or land in trouble if i greet her with a hug ?	i prefer to avoid in other public settings ; you can never be sure of these things .	False
doha shopping # toys r us on cring road ## does anyone know what time it opens on a friday ? thanks in advance .	3 pm in the cookies of life ; friends are the chocolate chips .	NonFactual
visas and permits # wife residency visa ## hi ; my wife was on a visit visa ; today ; her residency visa was issued ; so i went to immigration and paid 500 so there is no need to leave the country and enter again on the residency visa . she has done her medical before for the visit visa extension ; do we need to do the medical again for the residency visa ? thanks	yes ; need to go medical commission again for permanent resident visa .	False
family life in qatar # babysitting in doha ## hi all . we have a young baby 2 months old . my wife has to resume work by the middle of september . we are looking for babycare options here . is there any babysitting facility available in doha ?	there is a regulated nursery service in doha but at premium rates and difficult to obtain a place ; and now due to new regulations there are a reduced number of places . but with careful search you should be able to find a nursery place . do ask to see their ministry registration . outside of this there is the home provision by employing a nanny ; which is a costly activity initially . there is also many who will offer the service privately unregulated . its your choice who you trust this small child with . child care should be planned proir to the babys birth . we have nine months to plan for this day and children deserve the best decisions from us . check doha mums website . good luck .	True
family life in qatar # where is delhi sweets . ## when musheirib ( national area ) existed ; there was one small sweet shop called delhi sweets ; where we used to get good laddoos ; samosas and jalebis . but since that area got demolished ; more than a year back . i cannot trace the shop ; dont know where they moved ; resettled . does anyone knows ; where it is ? which location exactly . please advise . thanks .	rizk ; i was about to comment same . it is really in doha jadeed . d	True
socialising # 3rd cousin relationship ; possible ? ## is 3rd cousin relationship already accepted in church or in society ? i mean like lovers .	looking at this diagram i would say 3rd cousins are so far apart there is no problem . and as i said ; i think the uk even allows 1st cousin relationships .	True
welcome to qatar # i have visiting visa for work ; so can i drive ; i have egyptian license ? ## i have visiting visa for work ; so can i drive ; i have egyptian license ?	if you are on a visiting visa and and you have an international driver license you can use it for 6 month i guess . if you get the permanent residence you can not use the int driver license anymore .	True
qatari culture # is it ok for women to wear makeup ? ## sorry for the ignorant question ; but i need to know before i move to qatar if wearing makeup is frowned on or not . i have heard nothing one way or the other ; but i thought it might be considered immodest for the same reasons as displaying the body or hair ( like it is for traditional nuns ) . i only wear a little makeup ; but i do not want to look like a painted lady to anyone .	omg i must say i thot i could not hear more crazy querstions but i have been provved wrong yet again actaully i find that arab women wear way too much makeup than they shud here is one its not the worst by any means but it describes what i mean ( an i know elissa is not the usual arab woman but she is the only one whos name i know so there u go ) .	NonFactual
salary and allowances # what does full package means ? ## theres a job offer which states monthly salary qr 30 ; 000 full package . i just wanted to ask if this means 30 ; 000k plus housing ; automobile and other expenses ; or if it means that the qr 30 ; 000 is the full package and from these you have to discount housing ; automobile ; etc . thanks .	yes dear . this means your salary will include all other allowances as house allowance ; transportation allowance ; tickets and any other expenses . good luck mamoon	True
qatar living lounge # what day of the week is it ? ## i know i can find this information elsewhere ; i just thought i would ask on here first just incase someone can save me the trouble of looking it up myself .	ahhhhhhhh . its thursday . finally . this week was longer than usual . isnt ? )	NonFactual
qatar living lounge # villagio ## villagio is on fire agagin today ?	it was sidra hospital ( under costruction building )	NonFactual
sports in qatar # table tennis ## hello all i will be relocating from the uk to qatar september time ; i currently play tt in the 3rd division of a local league . i have seen posts about tt but most are noncurrent is there a league or tt clubs nights in doha ? i am keen to play . mike	visit qatar bowling center during thursday and friday and you'll find people playing tt there .	False
sports in qatar # gym plus swimming pool ## hi guys ; can u please tell me any place which have gym as well as swimming pool with it in doha ? ! ? !	sir ; waterfall club and spa at doha downtown hotel . they will let you use the pool and all gymn equipment first before they will offer you membership . visit them . .	True
qatar living lounge # qatar national day ## hi ; just wanted to confirm qatar is national day . is it 18th of december ? thanks .	day 18 december is the actual day of founding the state of qatar and on september 3 is on independence day which qatar was free from from british colonialism . for those who say that qatar has not changed ; then i must say you are new to the country ; have you ever been to alwasil before 5 years ? did you see the diplomatic area before 5 years ? if not go and have a look my friend !	True
doha shopping # is the perfume in souq original ? ## hi am new here . i just wonder if the perfumes sold in souq al jabor were original items ? plese i need ur opinion . am scouting one for my sister .	go to safari perfumes at souq al jabar for the real thing at abount 40 less than the malls .	True
doha shopping # where can i print onto mugs or cups ? ## i would like a message to be printed on to mugs or cups . where can i have this type of printing done ?	you may try kodak at the ff branches 1 . city center 48395223 2 . ramada branch 43602334360239 3 . al sadd branch 4447187 they do printing services in tshirts and mugs . you can even post a picture .	NonFactual
family life in qatar # ikea ## hi all ; is there any ikea showroom in and around doha ? kindly reply thank you	sorry to say no ; as for your transporting furniture here ; that depends on what type of resedence you will get over here ? as normly you will be given a furnished flatvilla	False
visas and permits # wife residency visa ## hi ; my wife was on a visit visa ; today ; her residency visa was issued ; so i went to immigration and paid 500 so there is no need to leave the country and enter again on the residency visa . she has done her medical before for the visit visa extension ; do we need to do the medical again for the residency visa ? thanks	yes ; you have to do both xray and blood test . please also go to clinic or whatever to get your blood group . i just finished all process and got 3 years visa . good luck for you and your wife .	False
salary and allowances # flight benefits for qatar airways employees ## i am seriously considering working for qatar airways but do not seem to be able to find out what kind of flight benefits they offer for their employees and family . anyone who know more about this or if they even offer flight benefits ? i know it is not the most important part of the contract but all other airlines offer it ! thanks .	huh ? foc ticket once a yr and the rest will be rebated travel on subload basis . life is too short so make the most of it ; you only live but once .	False
welcome to qatar # where do i pay a traffic ( speeding ticket ) fine ? ## where do i pay a speeding ticket fine ? the . website says that i got my picture taken last month . i have heard that most people do not pay fines until they come to sell the car ; i have also heard that the fine gets increased by 10 for every month it is not paid . i would rather pay now . thanks !	you used to be able to pay it online at the egovernment site but that has been under maintenance for a long time now . go to the traffic department either at madinat khalifa or airport to pay . you need to renew your car is road permit once a year . that is when uou have to do a traffic violations check before they renew the permit . fines do not increase . you just have to pay it when your road permit is up or if you are involved in a car accident ; they check for violations then .	NonFactual
salary and allowances # flight benefits for qatar airways employees ## i am seriously considering working for qatar airways but do not seem to be able to find out what kind of flight benefits they offer for their employees and family . anyone who know more about this or if they even offer flight benefits ? i know it is not the most important part of the contract but all other airlines offer it ! thanks .	u will get free flights but they will charge you some percentage ( within 6 months 1 time ) i heard like that .	False
doha shopping # where to buy sarees in doha ## hello everybody ; i was wondering where can i buy sarees ( spelling ? ) in doha ( the traditionnal indian ones ; 100 silk with hand made embrodery e . g . the one used for weeding ) i did a search on google but could not find anything ! i really appreciate your help thanks dhw	u can get them at bombay silk center and they even have them at lulu . no human can stop racism .	False
welcome to qatar # looking for professional venereologist ## can any one help me to find good and professional venereologist here in doha ?	oooooops ; the physician may be called a urologist here . i am sure that hamad has that specialty .	NonFactual
visas and permits # exit permits ## hello everyone ; i am coming to doha soon from south africa and i beleive that once i am there i need an exit permit to leave ; does anyone know what this means . can i visit dubai without an exit permit ; i know i cant come to south africa with out a permit ?	well too late to back out ; looks like i will just have to stay there . was actually wanting to work and play . looks like i will just be working . surely it cant be bad as you make it sound . i feel like i am going to go into a prison .	NonFactual
family life in qatar # french speaking nursery ## does anyone know if there is a french speaking nursery in doha ? if so do you have contact details ? thanks percy	i registered my child and i love so much this nursery ; i am very happy to find a place there ! i have the phone of perles d'avenir nursery is 44817611 .	True
doha shopping # where can i print onto mugs or cups ? ## i would like a message to be printed on to mugs or cups . where can i have this type of printing done ?	they have it in kodak ; ramada junction .	NonFactual
computers and internet # between carrefour and jarir ; which of the two has the lower price for laptops ?	when it comes to identical laptops ; then carrefour is cheaper ; yet that does not mean that carrefour provides the best choices . note what you buy from them has warrenty . if you are looking for acertain brand with special specificatins ; you might not find it at carrefour . so what you pay for is what you get according to what you want whether in jarrir ; carrefour or any other place . we can say one thing they both are the most popular and saffest to buy from . )	NonFactual
qatar living lounge # kid with guardian ## any one knows ; is it allowed to keep one year old kid in the lap of her mom in the front seat ( not in the driving seat ; of course ) ?	no it is against the new driving laws thank god i fight with love and i laugh with rage ; you have to live light enough to see the humor and long enough to see some change . ani difranco	True
socialising # indoor rock climbing ## does anyone know if there is an indoor rockclimbing wall ( or outdoor ; for that matter ) anywhere in doha ? thanks !	city centre mall up stairs in extreme world ( indoor amusement park ) . 15 qr for 2 climb . i checked it out few weeks ago for kf07 who also a climber . maybe you should meet up with him once you are here d	False
family life in qatar # ikea ## hi all ; is there any ikea showroom in and around doha ? kindly reply thank you	there are no ikea outlets in doha at present .	False
family life in qatar # tipping ? ## do you do it ; and how much do you leave if you do ? back home we leave 15 20 percent .	5 10 riyals tops regardless of my bill ! lesser the luxury more the tips ! ( i menat the hotel and not the service ! ) i have to make a big conversation similar to the one in reservoir dogs before i actually end up tipping ! lols	NonFactual
doha shopping # pedicures for men ## where can my husband get a pedicure from ?	oops ! here i go ; the one in the city centre is in the parking lot as described . their phone number is 4931426 4930394 . there is another one in the centre ; where mega mart is ; near the ramada . go inside the building like you would for mega mart ; but go right ; past the jewellry stands and where lgjumbo has their store . the foot centre is right next to it . same company as the one in the city centre . i do not have their number but you could call the shop in the cc and ask for the number . both places do male female and are professionals in the care of feet . they sell the dr scholl products shoes too . do make appointment aishataweela	NonFactual
cars and driving # driving with usa license . ## i visiting doha for a week and intend to rent a car . is it legal to drive using usa driver license or do i need and international one ?	even if you have a international license ; you need to get a temporary license from traffic department . when you are in doha ; get the application for temporary license and submit it to the madinat khalifa traffic department along with copy of your us license and passport pages showing your identity and visa page you might need to get an noc from the sponsor ( typed in arabic ) if you visit here under visa from some company or sponsor . best way is to ask the rental car company to assist you to get it .	False
welcome to qatar # where do i pay a traffic ( speeding ticket ) fine ? ## where do i pay a speeding ticket fine ? the . website says that i got my picture taken last month . i have heard that most people do not pay fines until they come to sell the car ; i have also heard that the fine gets increased by 10 for every month it is not paid . i would rather pay now . thanks !	u can pay the fine online at . there is no fine increase every month .	NonFactual
doha shopping # where to buy sarees in doha ## hello everybody ; i was wondering where can i buy sarees ( spelling ? ) in doha ( the traditionnal indian ones ; 100 silk with hand made embrodery e . g . the one used for weeding ) i did a search on google but could not find anything ! i really appreciate your help thanks dhw	there are a lot of shops in national area ; near qtel signal . bombay silks is one such shop where you ll get all kind of sarees .	True
family life in qatar # car seats ## what carseat brands are available in qatar ? im just not sure if i should bring the kids carseats from norway ; not sure how the airlines will treat the seats ; and are a bit worried that they will break them .	cynbob my children are not to ride in a car without the right carseats . my first thought was to leave my car seats her in norway ; so that when we come for a visit the grandparents have seats for them . if i cant be sure to get well known car seats in qatar ; i will bring the seats that we have here . a little more luggage ; but nothing is more important than the safety of the children .	NonFactual
doha shopping # where can i print onto mugs or cups ? ## i would like a message to be printed on to mugs or cups . where can i have this type of printing done ?	qatar graphics is doing this kind of works and you can contact then . 4433150 . location near walkswagon ra . opposite to sana and giant store .	True
doha shopping # pedicure in city centre ## is there anywhere in city centre that does pedicures ?	salon paris nails landmark they are good really but if there is a mistake happen ; that cz of the owner ; she is very ; selfish ; and they work ; whole ; day one our break 9am to 9pm . same with medical spa in villagio . no power ; dont blame any one pls . thank you	False
visas and permits # medical test ## hi all ; are hepatitis b c checked for in the medical test for nonmedical professionals ? basically ; i have been getting conflicting information on this . some say that hep b c are tested for everyone applying for residence permit . others say that only medical professionals ; primary school teachers and food handlers are tested for hep b c . please discuss !	the test is done for everyone ; but is restricted to the above categories u mentioned .	False
salary and allowances # licensed aircraft engineer ## hi i ve been offered a job as a licensed aircraft engineer in qatar airways ; the salary is around 20000qar including everything ; is there any additionnal allowance regarding license and type ratings ? because the salary doesnt include any related allowance ; and what about the toolbox is it provided by the company or i have to bring mine . thank you for replying	hi there ! do not expect too much . your package includes basic ; tranport allow hra etc depending on what grade are you and 10 increment of basic salary every year depending on your boss' evaluations . those allowances which you asked as far as i know are not provided except ot during holidays no bonuses no incentives . you could only enjoy the unlimited id90 sl booking hmmm and very annoying in the airport . one confirmed annual ticket for your wife and yourself . send me pm i will give you more details . good luck	NonFactual
visas and permits # noc vs . family visa ## hi ; please can you help ; my wife does not have noc from qatar airways ; but we are married now so can i bring her legally on my family visa as her husband ? thanks !	yes you can kapila . easy to do you just need to give the new sponsor ( when she finds a job ) a noobjection letter which states that you allow her to take up employment .	False
qatar living lounge # child seat belts ## while driving in doha last night i witness a sad incident . a man was driving with his child on his lap . he had to make an emergency stop and his childs head impacted the steering wheel . the poor child was bleeding and crying . many times i have seen children not properly secured in vehicles . is there not a law regarding child safety in vehicles here in qatar ?	there is a law . no children under 10 in the front seats . unfortunately this law is not enforced . did you take the guys license plate # and report him ? maybe if he got a large fine it would impact him rather than his child . poor child has an idiot for a parent .	True
qatar living lounge # doha airport vs doha malls ## are the items inside doha airport ( duty free ) cheaper compared to those that are sold inside the malls ?	perfumes and cosmetics are cheaper in all the duty free shops compared to the local market prices . it will be 1520 cheaper through out the duty free shops in the world . food items and confectionaries might not be cheaper in many cases . electronics are cheaper in the local market .	NonFactual
sightseeing and tourist attractions # park near villagio ## does anyone know the name of the park near villagio mall ? thanks	aspire zone	True
family life in qatar # american married to a qatari ## i will soon marry a qatari man and live in doha . recently i was told that once i am married and in qatar that i will not be allowed to travel back to the usa or any country without my husbands permission . can someone tell me if this is correct ? i have tried researching this but have not found any definite information . also ; if there are any american women married to a qatari on ql ; i would love to ask more questions . thank you	you will need your husband is written consent to do a lot of things one of those is leaving the country	False
family life in qatar # how cold is doha during winter ? ## i am just curious how cold is doha during winter ?	winter here in qatar is very nice ; sunny in the morning and afternoon ; cool at night . some times you feel of cold and you need heater . but in general ; it is lovely season . at least you can enjoy walking	True
welcome to qatar # where do i pay a traffic ( speeding ticket ) fine ? ## where do i pay a speeding ticket fine ? the . website says that i got my picture taken last month . i have heard that most people do not pay fines until they come to sell the car ; i have also heard that the fine gets increased by 10 for every month it is not paid . i would rather pay now . thanks !	coming along airport road heading to wakra turn right at the traffic lights that used to be parachute roundabout . about half a kilo up the road on your right .	NonFactual
salary and allowances # business meeting ? ## guys ; i am just enquiring about what one should wear to business meetings in doha ? are there certain things a man should or should not wear ( serious replys only not like a man should not wear a dress ) ! thanks gino	depends on whom u gonna meet . if its a normal person u can go in formals . but he is in an important post . suit is always a gud option .	True
welcome to qatar # any carrefour ? ## is there any carrefour which is open ? please update . thanks in advance .	recently its opened a new carrefour in abou hamour . next to the daar al salam coumpand . good luck .	True
sports in qatar # where can i go running ; other than the cornich ?	join the hash house harriers ! pm me for details ; or find us in marhaba book	True
qatar living lounge # how old baby can travel qatar airways ? ## hi qlrs . could u pls advice ; after how many weeks a new born baby can travel outside qatar via qatarairways and does the baby needs visa to come qatar again after few months ?	for the visa ; better get it before the travel to avoid furture hassles . but i would suggest that you let the baby grow old a few months more before you take himher travelling on an airplane . just imagine even an adult do have some problms with air pressure inside the cabin of an aircraft ; what more would a few weeks old or a month old baby feel about this ? ( heshe'll be crying all the way to your destination ) if that is the case .	NonFactual
sports in qatar # where can i go running ; other than the cornich ?	there is very good place for walking ; runing and for exercise ; it is located near teyseer patrol station hilal ; matar qadeem ; and u will not beleive me that i had lost 40kg ther in just 50 days so that is good plce so be healthy health is wealth byebye	NonFactual
doha shopping # one for the girls hairdressing ## hair salon has anyone seen a loreal salon in doha ? i would assume it may be in one of the hotelsresorts . the salon would have loreal branding on the window . thanks s	do not go to coiffure francaise . i went in with very curly hair and asked marie claire ; the hair dresser ; to cut off one inch . she cut at least two inches off the overall length . i already had long layers and she asked me if i wanted layers and ended up cutting very short layers . she also cut the very front much shorter than the rest of my hair and then straightened the whole thing . i can not wear it curly because it looks really bad . i have to spend extra time straightening my hair ; and it is not growing quickly at all . i cannot put it in a pony tail yet ; and she cut it three weeks ago . if you see a girl around doha that looks like she tried to give herself the rachel at home ; that is me . (	NonFactual
visas and permits # umrah visa for qatar visitors ## does anybody know when saudi embassy will open umrah visa for visitors ? this is very urgent please reply if anybody has information about this . thanks in advance .	i think they stop for visit visa to travel for umrah only resident people can go any time .	False
advice and help # us embassy qatar ## how to get to us embassy qatar ? i am set for an appointment and i do not know the driving directions . need your help ) thanks in advance !	if you are coming from lulu garafa new high way road side to . there coming madinat khalifa bridge . after cross it may be 400m to 600m in your right hand side . ok . if you cont reach there so do contact with me 77501650 . thank you	True
pets and animals # where can i get to buy a goldfish here ? ## i tried getting contact numbers of a couple of places ; but they wouldnt answer the phone !	hi ; recently i bought golden fish from a shop at almarkhia complex near almarkhia roundabout . i cant recall the shop name but you can easily find it . hope that help . best regards	NonFactual
visas and permits # can an american woman travel with her kids in and out of the country without a man or a exit visa ? ## hi ; i have a chance to relocate to doha and would love to photograph the middle east bu . can an american woman travel with her kids in and out of the country without a man or a exit visa ?	yes	False
visas and permits # wife residency visa ## hi ; my wife was on a visit visa ; today ; her residency visa was issued ; so i went to immigration and paid 500 so there is no need to leave the country and enter again on the residency visa . she has done her medical before for the visit visa extension ; do we need to do the medical again for the residency visa ? thanks	yes . you need to go again to the medical commission for the medical . but this time no more xray . after the result came out . go to the cid for the finger printing . after the result ; you can go to immigration ( gate 2 ) for the visa stamping and id .	False
sports in qatar # where can i go running ; other than the cornich ?	streets of doha !	True
welcome to qatar # how hot is doha at the moment ? ## what is the weather temperature like in doha at the moment ? i have been reading the forum topics about the need for heaters during the winter months . am quite worried .	as of now ; temperature in doha is ( today ) max 30c min 25c humidity 58 and in winter season ( octobermarch ) temperatures tend to go down a little bit ( even close to 10c or even below ; mainly in decjan ) . if this happens then heaters are a must to have at home . try the following links so you can have a projection of weather behaviour and then you can make your decissions . . . best of luck . regards	NonFactual
sports in qatar # boxing fitness gym ## does anyone knows a boxing gym here in qatar ? im thinking of doing sports that just running on a treadmill to lose weight . and i need to lose weight . i was diagnosed of polycystic ovaries and first intervention is to trim myself down . if anyone of you knows a fitness gym here that offers boxing please tell me . that would be a great help . thanks !	rambee ; visit aspire and ask about their evening sports activities . bring your passport or qatar id because you need to register before you could avail of their multifacted sports activities . you pay a minimal fee monthly because aspire is subsidized by the government . some sports they have include boxing ; swimming ; various ball games ; yoga ; and others . one good thing about their evening program is that each sports class has a professional instructor dedicated not merely to teach but also to ensure student health and safety . i will go to aspire than enrol in any other chic gym here in qatar . good luck !	NonFactual
investment and finance # personal loans from islamic banks ## hi ql frns ; is there any islamic bank in qatar which give personal loans ? i need loans without interest . appreciate comments .	yes dear qatar islamic bank . giving very low interest loan . but mostly giving working in government department . but you can try and see . take care	False
welcome to qatar # toys for adults ? ## before anyone comments i know this is a muslim country and certain things are forbidden here . but one of our friends is getting married and we want to play some pranks on him n her . so does anyone know if there is any shop in doha that sells toys for adults or sex toys ? just lemme know . thnx	i think it is difficult to get them here in doha .	False
visas and permits # noc vs . family visa ## hi ; please can you help ; my wife does not have noc from qatar airways ; but we are married now so can i bring her legally on my family visa as her husband ? thanks !	yes you can .	False
doha shopping # toys r us on cring road ## does anyone know what time it opens on a friday ? thanks in advance .	4 p . m	NonFactual
salary and allowances # business meeting ? ## guys ; i am just enquiring about what one should wear to business meetings in doha ? are there certain things a man should or should not wear ( serious replys only not like a man should not wear a dress ) ! thanks gino	qatari uniform	False
health and fitness # where can i buy workoutbodybuilding supplements besides the gnc shops ? ## can anyone help ? gnc has a small selection and is very expensive . thanks !	yeah ; it is closed permanently . apparently there is also there is another shop called york sport nutrition . they have two branches york sports nutrition ( shop 1 ) tel 4371434 23 al jazeera st . fariq bin mahmoud york sports nutrition ( shop 2 ) tel 4874347 bin omran main road their webpage is . i have not been there myself but i'll try to go tomorrow .	True
pets and animals # i want to adopt a dog . ## i want someone to share my life with . but i want labrador retriever . is there any chance i can find here in qatar ?	hi i currently have a labradore puppy which is 1 and a half years old she is very healthy and if u want her call 33176116	NonFactual
education # more salary paying gulf country ? ## in my view qatar pay more salary for workers in gulf region . my friend argu kuwait . which country paying more salary for workers ?	i think it depends on your job but i would say the best payers are saudi arabia closely followed by kuwait but neither of those places are pleasant enough to endure just for a few more bills in your pay cheque . the uae pays ok and abu dhabi is a cheaper and more interesting place to live than qatar .	False
doha shopping # is tofu banned in qatar ? ## i have tried to check all possible supermarkets in the whole doha and i cant find a tofu . do you have any idea where i can get one ? please ; i cant live life without it . thank you !	korean store at nasser street ? there ; you can find tofu of different sizes .	NonFactual
welcome to qatar # how hot is doha at the moment ? ## what is the weather temperature like in doha at the moment ? i have been reading the forum topics about the need for heaters during the winter months . am quite worried .	30c	NonFactual
visas and permits # exit permits ## hello everyone ; i am coming to doha soon from south africa and i beleive that once i am there i need an exit permit to leave ; does anyone know what this means . can i visit dubai without an exit permit ; i know i cant come to south africa with out a permit ?	getinandstayin sorry to say but it is not only on a residence permit but also a business visa . so it really depends on if kelly is coming over to work or to play so to say !	NonFactual
advice and help # us embassy qatar ## how to get to us embassy qatar ? i am set for an appointment and i do not know the driving directions . need your help ) thanks in advance !	if you are coming to the roundabout passports from the city of doha turn to the left of the roundabout to the new road will find the location of the embassy to the right of the street after the 1000 km	False
qatar living lounge # lego blocks ## where can i findbuy lego blocks here in qatar ? tried toys r us ; villagio ; city center and landmark but to no avail .	my brother has a collection of original lego blocks and we buy it from carrefour ; although lately we have not seen any lego products from the malls here in doha ; we even tried toys r us but to no avail .	False
welcome to qatar # any carrefour ? ## is there any carrefour which is open ? please update . thanks in advance .	abou hamour area ; open since may .	True
investment and finance # personal loans from islamic banks ## hi ql frns ; is there any islamic bank in qatar which give personal loans ? i need loans without interest . appreciate comments .	yes dear qatar islamic bank . giving very low interest loan . but mostly giving working in government department . but you can try and see . take care	False
visas and permits # why its very hard for pakistani to get rp ? ## why its very hard like impossible for pakistani to get rp now adays ?	terrorism	NonFactual
visas and permits # exit permits ## hello everyone ; i am coming to doha soon from south africa and i beleive that once i am there i need an exit permit to leave ; does anyone know what this means . can i visit dubai without an exit permit ; i know i cant come to south africa with out a permit ?	you only need an exit permit once you have got a residence permit ( rp ) . the exit permit is given to you by your rp sponsor . it can be issued per trip ; however ; i advise you to get a one year multi exit .	False
qatar living lounge # guys help me if you can ## i got a speed fine . my car was clocked doing 91kmhr . i want to contest that fine . how do i best do that ? i have never driven over the limit ever . i respect the speed limit here and everywhere i drive . it is so unfair . ta .	go to any traffic dept . and ask for the photo . the speed limit and ur speed will be mentioned on the photo itself and u can confirm that it is actually ur car .	NonFactual
visas and permits # can a wife sponsor his husband here ? ## hi ! just want to know if a wife can sponsor his husband here ? my friend is asking . all i know is that a husband as well as a father can . but i am not sure whether a wife can . thanks	possible only if government employed . that is what i heard .	False
moving to qatar # moving companies in doha ## hi all . does anyone know any good moving companies in doha ? a company that will move all my stuff without damaging anything ; and possible pack it all up for me as well . the move is local ; within doha .	after reading your comments ; i thought i would give mr kabeer a ring yesterday . he arranged to come over . and i waited for 5 hours for him . when i tried to ring him to find out where he was ; he did not answer i called four times . then today he rang and said he was outside my place apart from the fact that i am working today and he is 24 hours late . hardly reliable ; so just as well i am not taking him on the upside ; i tried runway international . they turned up on time ; took 10 minutes assessing everything and asking all the right questions . they may be more expensive than kabeer ; but at least they'll show up !	NonFactual
qatar living lounge # doha airport vs doha malls ## are the items inside doha airport ( duty free ) cheaper compared to those that are sold inside the malls ?	no ; i have not noticed the price being cheaper in duty free . it is just more convenient ; almost same price and on your way out plus weight does not count to your allowed limit .	NonFactual
computers and internet # between carrefour and jarir ; which of the two has the lower price for laptops ?	jarir is good and prices are reasonable	NonFactual
qatar living lounge # how old baby can travel qatar airways ? ## hi qlrs . could u pls advice ; after how many weeks a new born baby can travel outside qatar via qatarairways and does the baby needs visa to come qatar again after few months ?	so to answer the question ; i am not certain if you are inquiring about airlines policy or government visa policy . if its the former ; best thing to do is call qatar airways and ask them . if it is the latter ; then maybe there is a government agency you can ask ? when my daughter was born ( here in doha ) ; she did not travel till she was 6 months old ; but we were told the law was that she had to have a residency visa within a month of being born . so by the time she travelled she had it . hope that helps somewhat ; and good luck . stay safe all . perfection does not exist . the question therefore ; is what level of imperfection are we willing to settle for ?	NonFactual
opportunities # free arabic lesson ## do you know any institution or organization that offers free arabic speaking lesson ? please let me know . thanks !	al fanar good info . ty .	False
advice and help # where does your dog stay in qatar when youre away ? ## hello qatarliving ! my family and i will be away for vacation . please tell me about the reliable places in doha where you put your dog in when youre out of town ! i dont know where to take him and i dont trust anyone to do that for me (	ok ; i have a cat . but we take him to pampered pets whenever we travel . they also board dogs . the do a great job ; and i know lots of people who take their animals there . if your dog is social ; he can play with the other dogs each day . if not ; he can stay by himself . they cater to each individual animal and know them by name . ( i am rackety is owner they know him ; not me ! ) the only catch is that they book up really far in advance . call as far in advance as you can to book your space . website . you can see photos of the place and get all the details there . they are way out of town ; but will pick up your dog if you cannot make it out there .	False
qatari culture # hugging a female friend ## hi friends ; i am meeting my childhood female friend after many years in qatar . she is also an expat like me . will i be arrested or land in trouble if i greet her with a hug ?	yes go ahead but make sure you draw the line there .	NonFactual
qatari culture # is it ok for women to wear makeup ? ## sorry for the ignorant question ; but i need to know before i move to qatar if wearing makeup is frowned on or not . i have heard nothing one way or the other ; but i thought it might be considered immodest for the same reasons as displaying the body or hair ( like it is for traditional nuns ) . i only wear a little makeup ; but i do not want to look like a painted lady to anyone .	hahaha . of course you can put on your make up . i go with the natural colors and the simple make up ( the every day make up ) . omg what is a world without make up lol . about the women who put heavy make up although they cover their hair and body . welll that is wrong of course because they attract men . you know )	NonFactual
family life in qatar # babysitting in doha ## hi all . we have a young baby 2 months old . my wife has to resume work by the middle of september . we are looking for babycare options here . is there any babysitting facility available in doha ?	we accept baby sistting service link .	False
qatar living lounge # visa for dubai for qatar rp holder ## i have heard that it#39 ; s really fun to drive from qatar to dubai on the weekend ( obviosly if you have a 4 x 4 drive ) . my question is do i need to get a visa if i want to go to dubai if i have a residence permit of qatar ?	although you can go to dubai and get visa on arrival if you are going by air but road travel is different . you have to pass saudi border and you need saudi visa . in order to get saudi visa you have to get uae visa first . saudi gives visa only after you already have uae visa on your passport . hope this clarifies .	NonFactual
qatar living lounge # qatar bahrain causeway bridge ## qatar bahrain causeway bridge is this project is under hold or going on ?	the project is onhold for some reason ; da vinci a french based company is initiating the project ; which was suppose to finish in 2016 ; but not yet started .	True
welcome to qatar # where i can get a funny ''baby on board'' car is stickers ?	babyshop or usually toy stores at any mall	NonFactual
investment and finance # personal loans from islamic banks ## hi ql frns ; is there any islamic bank in qatar which give personal loans ? i need loans without interest . appreciate comments .	yes dear qatar islamic bank . giving very low interest loan . but mostly giving working in government department . but you can try and see . take care	False
sports in qatar # where can i go running ; other than the cornich ?	aspire academy .	True
pets and animals # where can i get to buy a goldfish here ? ## i tried getting contact numbers of a couple of places ; but they wouldnt answer the phone !	animal kingdom down al magarb street ; quite a decent choice there .	NonFactual
visas and permits # working visa issuance how long ## hello guyz ; just wanna ask anyone knows how long is the release of working visa in qatar ? because my agency told me that the already forwarded all my requirements for visa application ; but until now no feedback from qatar embassy . its almost 40days today . i do hope someone can answer my query . by the way i am from philippines . regards ; jm	within one day dear or next day visa issued if you have visa approval if not than need to apply for visa approval which will not take more than a week or ten days thanks	False
visas and permits # why its very hard for pakistani to get rp ? ## why its very hard like impossible for pakistani to get rp now adays ?	well i dont know why they are doing so . the nations such as pakistanis ; indians ; bangladeshis played a major role in developing qatar and some sacrifice their whole life for this country but now in return westerns are enjoying better life ; more respect high salaries then these ppls . even now govt put ban on their entry .	NonFactual
qatar living lounge # qatar national day ## hi ; just wanted to confirm qatar is national day . is it 18th of december ? thanks .	it surely is 18th dec but plz can someone tell me how can national day of any country change ever ? . they walk among us . they vote they even reproduce .	True
advice and help # experience necessary for nha license ? ## hello guys . i want to take nha licensure ( nurse ) here in qatar but i dont have any work experience in the philippines . i am currently working here now as a nurse in a construction company for almost 1yr . will nha allowed me to take licensure here even if i do not have the necessary experience required ? help please . thanks a lot and godbless .	you must have two years of work experience to apply for the license . you can work for another year and carry on with it . since you are on company sponsorship i think you can work for another year and then apply . hope this helps	False
qatar living lounge # visa in australia ## hi guys ; need ur help ! is there anyone here knows how to apply for visit visa in australia ( aside from online application ) here in qatar ? i heard that they dont have their embassy here . i already got the form ( downloaded from the internet ) but dont know where to submit . if possible give me the telephone number location . hoping for ur most urgent response . thank you so much !	. and u can track ur visa from this site and u can get all the information regarding aussie visa for gcc countries from this site	NonFactual
health and fitness # where can i buy workoutbodybuilding supplements besides the gnc shops ? ## can anyone help ? gnc has a small selection and is very expensive . thanks !	just to let people know . i went to almerqab street today and the sport supplement shop there is closed . so i guess the only alternative left is gnc and perhaps al mana gosport at villagio .	False
family life in qatar # how cold is doha during winter ? ## i am just curious how cold is doha during winter ?	810 degrees i guess ? more than the temp its the wind that makes u go crazy .	False
advice and help # license for an onhusbandsponsor ## hi ; i need to have a driving license but m an onhusbandsponsor and dat my husband doesnt have a license . so ; can i apply for the license or my husband need to acquire it prior to me . ?	no need husband license u can apply husband id card copy need and noc from hursband thats it	True
qatari culture # is it ok for women to wear makeup ? ## sorry for the ignorant question ; but i need to know before i move to qatar if wearing makeup is frowned on or not . i have heard nothing one way or the other ; but i thought it might be considered immodest for the same reasons as displaying the body or hair ( like it is for traditional nuns ) . i only wear a little makeup ; but i do not want to look like a painted lady to anyone .	i believe that no matter how hard you try ; you will not ever be able to carry off as much makeup as girls here do . so do not worry ; nobody will think you look painted ) in fact ; when i arrived here ; i felt i was not wearing enough makeup !	True
qatari culture # can a person wear dhoti ( mundu ) while travelling2qatar ## can anyone advise whether can an aged person travelling to qatar from kerala can wear kerala style mundu ( dhothi ) . is it prohibited by law ?	ya why not bring some coconuts with you too no problem habibi	NonFactual
qatar living lounge # qatar bahrain causeway bridge ## qatar bahrain causeway bridge is this project is under hold or going on ?	qatar will have long distant rail lines to ksa and bahrain . the one which will be laid from doha to manama would go through the causeway . thus ; design modifications will have to be done to accommodate the railway line which was not thought of before in the original design . this could be one of the reasons for the 'hold' if at all .	NonFactual
doha shopping # is the perfume in souq original ? ## hi am new here . i just wonder if the perfumes sold in souq al jabor were original items ? plese i need ur opinion . am scouting one for my sister .	i doubt the internationally know brands are real they do not smell at all like same perfume bought outside the souqs	NonFactual
cars and driving # driving with usa license . ## i visiting doha for a week and intend to rent a car . is it legal to drive using usa driver license or do i need and international one ?	get international driver license .	False
salary and allowances # business meeting ? ## guys ; i am just enquiring about what one should wear to business meetings in doha ? are there certain things a man should or should not wear ( serious replys only not like a man should not wear a dress ) ! thanks gino	if you are just coming for one day meeting or interview hmm better be dressed well because they wont provide you uniform for that . imgassistnid73057title . desclinknonealignleftwidthheight0	NonFactual
investment and finance # personal loans from islamic banks ## hi ql frns ; is there any islamic bank in qatar which give personal loans ? i need loans without interest . appreciate comments .	yes dear qatar islamic bank . giving very low interest loan . but mostly giving working in government department . but you can try and see . take care	False
qatar living lounge # are there any 24 hour gyms in qatar ? ## i am thinking of changing gyms when i go back this time ; but i wanna train early in the morning as opposed to regular hours when they are crowded ; anyone know of any 24 hour gyms in qatar ? i doubt they exist knowing qatar .	the gym at intercon is open 247 . thats the only one that i know off . be like a flower ; which gives off it is fragrance even to the hand that crushes it .	True
qatar living lounge # how old baby can travel qatar airways ? ## hi qlrs . could u pls advice ; after how many weeks a new born baby can travel outside qatar via qatarairways and does the baby needs visa to come qatar again after few months ?	when he traveled for the first time . as per doctor is advice and as novita said ; i gave him a bottle of milk during take off and landing . and everything was ok . just make sure to issue him passport and stamp the ikama ( rp ) on it before you travel .	NonFactual
moving to qatar # moving companies in doha ## hi all . does anyone know any good moving companies in doha ? a company that will move all my stuff without damaging anything ; and possible pack it all up for me as well . the move is local ; within doha .	hi all . i used mr . kabeer for my recent move within doha . his price was very reasonable ; a third of the price of the major moving companies . they packed everything up for me . i had to organise my own boxes which i did from qmart at the mall ; and they put all my stuff into them for me . they were quite careful with my stuff and no serious damage was incurred ; but i had to supervise that they packed the fragile items carefully ; and instruct them on what to put in each box . i strongly recommend him ; but as with any move ; supervise that the valuables and fragiles items are packed carefully or even better ; by yourself . also ; be on hand to manage the packing .	NonFactual
visas and permits # travelling to uae by car ## my wife i want to drive to the uae ; next month . i understand about the visa situation ; and i can cope with that . my question is am i allowed to drive out of qatar in my car that i have not finished paying for from the bank ? my friend told me he seems to remember hearing that it was not possible ; and that somehow ; they know this at the border and will not allow me to leave . can anyone confirm this ? thanks for your help . cheers !	i spoke to the bank ; and they said that there would be no problems because of my car still being under financing . next stop ; saudi embassy . wish me luck !	NonFactual
qatar living lounge # what day of the week is it ? ## i know i can find this information elsewhere ; i just thought i would ask on here first just incase someone can save me the trouble of looking it up myself .	the 18th of april 2013 . your welcome !	NonFactual
advice and help # experience necessary for nha license ? ## hello guys . i want to take nha licensure ( nurse ) here in qatar but i dont have any work experience in the philippines . i am currently working here now as a nurse in a construction company for almost 1yr . will nha allowed me to take licensure here even if i do not have the necessary experience required ? help please . thanks a lot and godbless .	you might have a problem getting an nha license because of lack of experience . your employer might even be in trouble for employing you even though you do not have a license to work as nurse here in qatar .	True
visas and permits # family travelling with maid to dubai by road ## hi ; this ramadan we will be going to dubai by road . we have done it twice before and have always got a visa on arrival at the uae border . the difference is this time we will be taking along our housemaid . my question is will she also get a visa on arrival at the uae border ? thanks	you will need to get a transit visa for her with a no objection letter to the saudi embassy typed in arabic . you will need to get her a visa from uae embassy here in qatar before you travel . she will not be issue a visa on arrival . i suggest just leave her home	NonFactual
visas and permits # how long are you going to be banned here in qatar ? ## if you resigned and your visa is cancelled ; how long will be for you to come back here in qatar ? actually ; my wife is going to resign with here present company because it fails to give them salary for almost 4 months now . we want to know if i can take her back here in husband is visa within a month ?	ban 2 years ( wo noc ) if you wanna transfer to husband sponsorship ; she can reenter anytime . as long as it ( husband sponsorship ) gets approved . )	False
moving to qatar # moving house how long will qtel take ? ## i am moving to a new villa this weekend . does anyone now how long qtel takes to move internet and landline ; how long will i be without a connection ? i have not spoken to them yet ; just want to get the general idea .	within 10 working days they will call you for sure ; b4 they come . be there to receive the technician !	NonFactual
working in qatar # end of service benefit ## what is the computation of gratuity or end of service benefits for the working period of 7 years ? thanks to confirm .	1 . last basic salary ( multiplied ) by 12 months ( year ) and ( divided ) by 365 ( days in year ) . x 2 . years of service ( multiplied ) by agreed gratuity ( days in a year ) y 3 . x ( multiplied ) by y z ( total gratuity to be paid ) sample last basic salary 10 ; 000 x 12 ( months ) 365 ( days in year ) 328 . 76 ( average daily salary ) 5 ( years of service ) x 21 ( agreed gratuity ) 105 ( days ) 105 x 328 . 76 34 ; 519 . 80 ( your esb from employer )	False
qatari culture # can qatari girls allow marry indian ? ## why arab girls not getting marry indian man	if the indian man is hindu ; no ; it is not allowed . mandi	True
qatari culture # can qatari girls allow marry indian ? ## why arab girls not getting marry indian man	qatari ladies ; were never been allowed to marry any foriegner even to any arabs ; so why wonder ? qatari ladies are born to marry gulf men only . but i know one ; the father of the lady is half indian ; and the father ; arranged a marriage to her for an indian groom but i am not sure if the indian is allowed by the government to stay here or even live here . the lady is qatari ; her grandmother was an indian . but many qatari men are married to an indian ladies . i know alot . there is nothing we can do to change the past ; if it teaches you a lesson profit from it then ; forget it .	NonFactual
qatari culture # can a person wear dhoti ( mundu ) while travelling2qatar ## can anyone advise whether can an aged person travelling to qatar from kerala can wear kerala style mundu ( dhothi ) . is it prohibited by law ?	respect countries culture ; do not wear things which cause other peoples inconvenient like lungi ; dhoti ; cheddi bla bla . wearing pant or jeans is not difficult task .	NonFactual
computers and internet # between carrefour and jarir ; which of the two has the lower price for laptops ?	. carrefore for sure .	NonFactual
computers and internet # between carrefour and jarir ; which of the two has the lower price for laptops ?	if you want quality ; go to jarir . if you want a bargain ; go to carrefour	NonFactual
doha shopping # indian wedding outfit ( lehnga ) ? ## hi ; i am gonna get married soon so i was wondering if anyone knew where i am able to get a wedding lehnga made or brought thanks	karachi is the best place to buy wedding outfits . there are several well known designers and you can get a very striking wedding lehnga or sharara or garara between 50 ; 000 to 10 ; 000 rupees .	NonFactual
family life in qatar # any programs for onam ## hi mallus . advanced onam wishes . any programs stage shows for this coming onam ? .	emn betalaal . i was talkin abt climibing banana tree and plucking the banana leaves . ( when it comes to food ; i really and whole heartedly respect it my priend .	NonFactual
qatari culture # smoke after dark during ramadan ?	yes ! you can smoke in public after sunset till dawn .	True
family life in qatar # how cold is doha during winter ? ## i am just curious how cold is doha during winter ?	it was like london cold at night ; i was freeeeeezing ; heater on full blast in the car (	NonFactual
qatar living lounge # fitness gym in al sadd ## im new in qatar and im looking a fitness gym in al sadd . anyone know ?	al massa active ; opposite mandarin cafe ; quite close to al sadd . that is where i go .	False
advice and help # experience necessary for nha license ? ## hello guys . i want to take nha licensure ( nurse ) here in qatar but i dont have any work experience in the philippines . i am currently working here now as a nurse in a construction company for almost 1yr . will nha allowed me to take licensure here even if i do not have the necessary experience required ? help please . thanks a lot and godbless .	you can take prometric exam without experience . my exam is validity is 3 yrs . there are many nurses out there are working without license . private clinics are very strict on accepting new nurse applicants . your lucky to practice your profession with license here ; but beware my friend . you need to be extra careful bec . that is illegal	NonFactual
qatar living lounge # qatar bahrain causeway bridge ## qatar bahrain causeway bridge is this project is under hold or going on ?	on very hold for multiple reasons !	True
computers and internet # between carrefour and jarir ; which of the two has the lower price for laptops ?	when i compared some of my stuffs ; i found carrefour cheaper . ! but its a must to check for your items before buying one .	NonFactual
doha shopping # pedicure in city centre ## is there anywhere in city centre that does pedicures ?	i went to the kiddies beauty salon for hairdressing for my son and myself . it was done great for a good price ( 50qr per head ) . do not know about pedicures there but it is offered !	NonFactual
investment and finance # personal loans from islamic banks ## hi ql frns ; is there any islamic bank in qatar which give personal loans ? i need loans without interest . appreciate comments .	yes dear qatar islamic bank . giving very low interest loan . but mostly giving working in government department . but you can try and see . take care	False
qatar living lounge # lego blocks ## where can i findbuy lego blocks here in qatar ? tried toys r us ; villagio ; city center and landmark but to no avail .	if you are referring just a plain lego blocks there is none in doha . my son loves lego he have tons of them ( now he is in the stage of collecting lego technic ) . and we usually wait till we travel and bought them overseas .	NonFactual
pets and animals # can i bring my pitbulls to qatar ? ## i am considering getting a job in qatar and i have two very well behaved people friendly spayed pitbulls . apparently this breed is banned . would i have trouble importing them ? if anything happened to the dogs ; my husband would die ; and he will not leave them in canada if we go away . so i have to be sure they would be ok to be imported before considering taking a job .	if they are 'banned' ; as you suggest ; then it obviously means that your are not allowed to bring them into qatar .	False
education # more salary paying gulf country ? ## in my view qatar pay more salary for workers in gulf region . my friend argu kuwait . which country paying more salary for workers ?	qatar is paying more salary	True
visas and permits # can an american woman travel with her kids in and out of the country without a man or a exit visa ? ## hi ; i have a chance to relocate to doha and would love to photograph the middle east bu . can an american woman travel with her kids in and out of the country without a man or a exit visa ?	it depends on your visa . if you entered qatar with the vsit visa ; ou do not need an exit permit . if you came on business visa and stay less than 1 month ; you still do not need a visa . if you came on business visa and stay more than 1 month ; you will need an exit permit . and if you have an rp here ; you will definitely need an exit permit from your sponsor ; unless you are under your husband is sponsorship . whoever say lady is do not need an exit permit ; have no clue what they are saying . again ; all depends on your status here	True
doha shopping # pedicure in city centre ## is there anywhere in city centre that does pedicures ?	novi ; i think it is cutecut i tried mani pedicure and twas ok the service was good ! imgassistnid21401titleadjust ; adopt overcomedesclinknonealignleftwidth180height135	False
welcome to qatar # where i can get a funny ''baby on board'' car is stickers ?	go to carrefoure supermarketcar accessories section . you can choose 2 designs there .	NonFactual
qatari culture # can a person wear dhoti ( mundu ) while travelling2qatar ## can anyone advise whether can an aged person travelling to qatar from kerala can wear kerala style mundu ( dhothi ) . is it prohibited by law ?	hi . i do not think there is any issue . you do not need to check anywhere . i see travellers dressed in dhotis all the time . just get your dad here and have a great time together . its my dream too to bring my parents back to qatar to stay with me inshallah . and ignore all the silly posts . they were made by silly people )	False
qatar living lounge # how old baby can travel qatar airways ? ## hi qlrs . could u pls advice ; after how many weeks a new born baby can travel outside qatar via qatarairways and does the baby needs visa to come qatar again after few months ?	just make the new passport n make the iqama on it than u can travel anythime u want . if u put hisher name in mother passport than u can travel also but dont forget to make ammendment in mother iqama kids ammendment thanks if it solve ur problem	NonFactual
welcome to qatar # any carrefour ? ## is there any carrefour which is open ? please update . thanks in advance .	landmark and abu hamoor branches are still open	True
visas and permits # tourist visa to australia ## hi how can i apply for tourist visa to australia in qatar ? . as i know there is no australian embassy in qatar ; any one can help me ; ? ; !	please contact mannai holidays they are the authorized agent for australian visa in qatar . all the best	False
doha shopping # where to buy sarees in doha ## hello everybody ; i was wondering where can i buy sarees ( spelling ? ) in doha ( the traditionnal indian ones ; 100 silk with hand made embrodery e . g . the one used for weeding ) i did a search on google but could not find anything ! i really appreciate your help thanks dhw	you dont get the original hand embroidery sarees here . you cant get 1005 silk sarees in bombay silks ; dulhan or the saree shop in lulu centre . are you going to ware it as saree or to stitch some dress with that saree ( many arab woman do that ) you get good quality embroidered silk clothes in al dana centre in the souq	False
doha shopping # one for the girls hairdressing ## hair salon has anyone seen a loreal salon in doha ? i would assume it may be in one of the hotelsresorts . the salon would have loreal branding on the window . thanks s	there is a toni guy for ladies at the mall .	NonFactual
family life in qatar # what is homoglobin ? ## please anone explain me regading homoglobin bcz doctor told me your homoglobin is low ! thanks	heamoglobin is a component of the blood . if you are deficient in it ; it means that if you have an accident or cut yourself ; you will bleed easier and for a longer period of time .	True
family life in qatar # where is delhi sweets . ## when musheirib ( national area ) existed ; there was one small sweet shop called delhi sweets ; where we used to get good laddoos ; samosas and jalebis . but since that area got demolished ; more than a year back . i cannot trace the shop ; dont know where they moved ; resettled . does anyone knows ; where it is ? which location exactly . please advise . thanks .	have seen delhi sweets in doha jadeed area .	True
doha shopping # where to buy sarees in doha ## hello everybody ; i was wondering where can i buy sarees ( spelling ? ) in doha ( the traditionnal indian ones ; 100 silk with hand made embrodery e . g . the one used for weeding ) i did a search on google but could not find anything ! i really appreciate your help thanks dhw	try bombay silk and other shops in that area .	True
sports in qatar # where can i go running ; other than the cornich ?	you can go to aspire too .	True
welcome to qatar # any carrefour ? ## is there any carrefour which is open ? please update . thanks in advance .	abou hamour area . its open since may .	True
advice and help # us embassy qatar ## how to get to us embassy qatar ? i am set for an appointment and i do not know the driving directions . need your help ) thanks in advance !	if your coming from outer space you need to find the virgo supercluster first ; then within that the virgo cluster . once you found that look out for the local group . in there is the milky way galaxy . some 27 . 000 lightyears from the center is a small star with eight planets . go to the third one from the sun and find the continent of asia . look at the western portion and identify qatar . then find doha . once you are in doha and found the land mark mall enter the new highway . you will soon see the american embassy on your right . if you pass it you have to do it all again .	NonFactual
environment # recycling places in doha ## hello to all ! to get rid of my collected old bottles ; paper ; glasses and so on i ask you where can i find some recycling places in doha ? i know this sphere is not very advanced in that state . please tell me exact locations ; with things i can bring to and if necessary the business hours ! p . s . please no discussion about the usefulness of recycling . i want to do it anyway !	try to contact q clean	False
qatar living lounge # villagio ## villagio is on fire agagin today ?	confirmed the villagio is on fire again from my wife .	NonFactual
sports in qatar # table tennis ## hello all i will be relocating from the uk to qatar september time ; i currently play tt in the 3rd division of a local league . i have seen posts about tt but most are noncurrent is there a league or tt clubs nights in doha ? i am keen to play . mike	except ramadhan ; people are playing eveyday . we have a club that playing on monday and wednesday afternoon . pm for info	NonFactual
education # more salary paying gulf country ? ## in my view qatar pay more salary for workers in gulf region . my friend argu kuwait . which country paying more salary for workers ?	gulf business magazine ( circa jan 27 feb 8 edition ) featured gulf salary survey 2009 . according to the survey ; qatar is generaly paying more than other countries in gcc ; with kuwait is among the worst . in the other hand ; for similar position ; arab nationals is paid highest ; followed by western expatriate ; arab expatriate then asian expatriate .	True
qatar living lounge # transporting beer ## was driving back from qdc today ; in a bit of a hurry so i was not thinking when i left the 24 of beer on the passenger seat . some qatari drove past me in his land cruiser and took a pic with his phone . could this be a problem ?	as long as u have your liquor permit card who cares ? where there is fire . there is coke . where there is rum . there is smoke sir smokealot	NonFactual
visas and permits # can an american woman travel with her kids in and out of the country without a man or a exit visa ? ## hi ; i have a chance to relocate to doha and would love to photograph the middle east bu . can an american woman travel with her kids in and out of the country without a man or a exit visa ?	you do not need an exit permit i am an american woman and i have traveled many times without my husband . no problem . other nationalities ; unfortunately ; are not so lucky .	False
doha shopping # is the perfume in souq original ? ## hi am new here . i just wonder if the perfumes sold in souq al jabor were original items ? plese i need ur opinion . am scouting one for my sister .	sometimes you'll find perfumes with a name but in a plain bottle . they are not knockoffs ; basically they are arabic style perfumes ( the mix ) but with a similarity to the perfume on the label . cost of living ; visas ; safety info ; tips ; pics ; vids and m	NonFactual
advice and help # what is qtel customer service number ## what is qtel customer service number ?	911 )	False
qatari culture # hugging a female friend ## hi friends ; i am meeting my childhood female friend after many years in qatar . she is also an expat like me . will i be arrested or land in trouble if i greet her with a hug ?	hug her ; its ok at the airport	NonFactual
qatar living lounge # cat found ## cat found clearly someone is lost pet . blue eyes ; brown and cream fur . anyone missing such a cat ?	here is the link . ; . it has pics of the missing cat . if that is the one you found you can pm the original poster . what difference does it make to the dead whether the mad destruction is wrought under the name of totalitarianism or democracy ? gandhi	NonFactual
sightseeing and tourist attractions # park near villagio ## does anyone know the name of the park near villagio mall ? thanks	aspire zone aspire park	True
visas and permits # on husband sponsorship transfer ## can i change from work sponsor to husband sponsor even if i am only three months in my company ? please advise . thanks .	only transfer from one company to another requires minimum of 1 year stay from the previous company ; as per the labour law . husband sponsorship ; i doubt there is minimum requirement . you just need to apply for a labour card in case you want to work .	NonFactual
visas and permits # can a wife sponsor his husband here ? ## hi ! just want to know if a wife can sponsor his husband here ? my friend is asking . all i know is that a husband as well as a father can . but i am not sure whether a wife can . thanks	it certainly is possible . i sponsor my husband .	False
visas and permits # work permit ## how many days does it take to finish the processing of a work permit ?	just today i went for the workpermit medical . i think the process works as follows 1 . your company applies online for wp and you get a piece of paper that it is issued . max 1 week . 2 . they get a medical date another week max . 3 . finger printing another 34 days . 4 . wp card another 23 days . above days are just from my personal experience and may vary .	False
investment and finance # personal loans from islamic banks ## hi ql frns ; is there any islamic bank in qatar which give personal loans ? i need loans without interest . appreciate comments .	yes dear qatar islamic bank . giving very low interest loan . but mostly giving working in government department . but you can try and see . take care	False
doha shopping # where can i print onto mugs or cups ? ## i would like a message to be printed on to mugs or cups . where can i have this type of printing done ?	you can inquire to kodak ramada #436023339	NonFactual
advice and help # ramadan ## hi ! just wanted to know is it confirm that it is ramadan tomorrow ?	ramadan over its eid 2morrow	NonFactual
visas and permits # exit permits ## hello everyone ; i am coming to doha soon from south africa and i beleive that once i am there i need an exit permit to leave ; does anyone know what this means . can i visit dubai without an exit permit ; i know i cant come to south africa with out a permit ?	no on a business visa you can fly out as many times as you wish so that just might be a company thing iam on a business visa and so are three of my friends one being a south african like yourself and we fly out for weekends all the time ! it could be because it is a pain in the bum and alot of paper work for them that they are saying only one exit ! but if you have an emergency they you are also allowed	False
qatar living lounge # lego blocks ## where can i findbuy lego blocks here in qatar ? tried toys r us ; villagio ; city center and landmark but to no avail .	in the hallmark store in the mall pink and blue plastic tubs with maybe 250 piece sets inside . but i ended up having a friend who was visiting bring some back from denmark . but i second what marycatherine said order them online and ship them in . doha is not a place that you depend upon for anything to be in stock anywhere . i wish i could drink like a lady . i can take one or two at the most . three and i am under the table . four and i am under the host dorothy parker	NonFactual
education # more salary paying gulf country ? ## in my view qatar pay more salary for workers in gulf region . my friend argu kuwait . which country paying more salary for workers ?	yeah ; may be qatar . simply because of the cost of living compared to other gcc countries much higher here . saudi is not paying good salary for the workers . but the workers can enjoy free food and accommodation there with majority of employers .	False
salary and allowances # phd salary range ? ## what is the normal salary for a phd from uk in the government sector ?	99 . 9 of the poeple on ql do not have phd so it is difficult to help you . but i think with little experience u should get at least qr 20k and with more experience at least qr .	True
moving to qatar # moving house how long will qtel take ? ## i am moving to a new villa this weekend . does anyone now how long qtel takes to move internet and landline ; how long will i be without a connection ? i have not spoken to them yet ; just want to get the general idea .	i have done this many times . on average ; 1020 days .	NonFactual
moving to qatar # vaccinations needed before i come to doha ? ## i am in the process of coming over to work in doha . i wanted to know if their were any specific shots and vaccinations i should get before coming over . i want to try and get these things completed before i leave the us . any insight would be much appreciated .	it depends what you have had already . you do not specifically need any extra vaccinations as long as you are up to date with the usual ones you have in the uk ( not sure about us ) but you can have rabies as optional if you want . although there is no requirement or need to have any extra protection here ; it is important to remember that lots of people travel east on holidays and if you do you will need the standard typhoid ; yellow fever ; etc . children need to have been vaccinated against tb before they can start school . in the uk they no longer give bcg so important to get that done before you come .	True
qatar living lounge # kid with guardian ## any one knows ; is it allowed to keep one year old kid in the lap of her mom in the front seat ( not in the driving seat ; of course ) ?	i guess the first question would bewhy would you ? but ; you cannot have your children in the front seat with you .	True
doha shopping # where to buy sarees in doha ## hello everybody ; i was wondering where can i buy sarees ( spelling ? ) in doha ( the traditionnal indian ones ; 100 silk with hand made embrodery e . g . the one used for weeding ) i did a search on google but could not find anything ! i really appreciate your help thanks dhw	hey man ; you asked she answered ; now the best or not the best well . tough question . just kidding . anyways ; parthas ; bombay silk ; s dulhan ; are all good places to buy sarees . or you could do the lulu hypermarket instead where they have a saree station . lol cheers .	False
education # more salary paying gulf country ? ## in my view qatar pay more salary for workers in gulf region . my friend argu kuwait . which country paying more salary for workers ?	i would say qatar is paying more salary as compare to other gulf countries .	True
moving to qatar # moving companies in doha ## hi all . does anyone know any good moving companies in doha ? a company that will move all my stuff without damaging anything ; and possible pack it all up for me as well . the move is local ; within doha .	you can contact mr . kabeer at 5335914 . he shifted my stuff last year and the service was excellent . nothing broke but he is not with any company . he operates independantly .	NonFactual
qatar living lounge # villagio ## villagio is on fire agagin today ?	yes sure sidra hospital far from villagio	NonFactual
visas and permits # travelling to uae by car ## my wife i want to drive to the uae ; next month . i understand about the visa situation ; and i can cope with that . my question is am i allowed to drive out of qatar in my car that i have not finished paying for from the bank ? my friend told me he seems to remember hearing that it was not possible ; and that somehow ; they know this at the border and will not allow me to leave . can anyone confirm this ? thanks for your help . cheers !	i have traveled to abu dhabi a few times with my family ( wife two kids ) . my car is taken on loan from doha bank . i did not have any problem . i did not require any documents from the bank . i have an account with doha bank and salary is transfered to the account .	True
socialising # indoor rock climbing ## does anyone know if there is an indoor rockclimbing wall ( or outdoor ; for that matter ) anywhere in doha ? thanks !	hey guys ; seeing there is a few climbing nuts aside of me . i have been scouting out some good bouldering and deep water soloing spots but only through internet cos i am not actually in qatar yet . from the images i have found ; seems there is some nice climeable rock a couple hours' drive out of doha . if any of you would like to tag along and go take a peak once i am there ; i am sure if we put our heads together we can find a few respectable crags to keep going . anyways keep me posted . would be nice to meet a few fellow climbers . cheers ; k	NonFactual
welcome to qatar # toys for adults ? ## before anyone comments i know this is a muslim country and certain things are forbidden here . but one of our friends is getting married and we want to play some pranks on him n her . so does anyone know if there is any shop in doha that sells toys for adults or sex toys ? just lemme know . thnx	not possible	True
visas and permits # how long are you going to be banned here in qatar ? ## if you resigned and your visa is cancelled ; how long will be for you to come back here in qatar ? actually ; my wife is going to resign with here present company because it fails to give them salary for almost 4 months now . we want to know if i can take her back here in husband is visa within a month ?	1 . normally the ban period in case of resignation cancellation of visa is 2yrs . 2 . but incase of your wife ; she can ask from her company to issue noc to her stating that her company will not object while she transfers her company visa to husband visa . there is no need for her to even exit qatar . incase ; if her company does not willing to give her noc and no transfer of visa ; she can leave qatar and can come back on husband visa provided that you ( husband ) should meet all the norms and criteria that is normally required once applying for family visa . you should be earning a salary of around qr7000 or more than that .	False
visas and permits # can an american woman travel with her kids in and out of the country without a man or a exit visa ? ## hi ; i have a chance to relocate to doha and would love to photograph the middle east bu . can an american woman travel with her kids in and out of the country without a man or a exit visa ?	yes you can ! do what you like ! like what you do that is what i am saying . go ahead ur an american .	False
socialising # the dream match to watch ## today india pakistan match t20 cricket world cup . is there any park where the match will be screened live on the screen in doha ?	go to ramada sports bar to watch live on big screens	NonFactual
socialising # 3rd cousin relationship ; possible ? ## is 3rd cousin relationship already accepted in church or in society ? i mean like lovers .	even the thought of it is a sin . yaiiiks !	NonFactual
advice and help # ramadan ## hi ! just wanted to know is it confirm that it is ramadan tomorrow ?	its eid tomorrow .	NonFactual
visas and permits # 2 monthes for work permit ! ## hi all ; i hope some one to help me ; i have an offer letter from a company in qatar and by today it has been 2 monthes since i sent them all required papers for the visa and still they said it is not ready yet . ( i am syrian ) my question how long does it usually take and what is the maximum duration ? thanks in advance	i am facing the same ; i was informed that syrian visa is not easy it get . if you are single ; ask them to get you on business visa which could be valid for 3 months . till they get u the rp . good luck	NonFactual
health and fitness # where can i buy workoutbodybuilding supplements besides the gnc shops ? ## can anyone help ? gnc has a small selection and is very expensive . thanks !	yeah man ; there is a sport supplements store on mergab street a . k . a . alnasr street . on the opposite side to the 'marmara istanbul' 'mashawi alarab' . it is the only other place i have found ; they have some brands that the gnc stores do not ; but still do not have everything . hope that helps .	NonFactual
sports in qatar # gym plus swimming pool ## hi guys ; can u please tell me any place which have gym as well as swimming pool with it in doha ? ! ? !	aspire zonehamad aqautic center . u may pay in daily ; monthly ; or yearly basis . u may checkout al saad stadium also . just gym and just swim is the name . happy training .	False
advice and help # what is qtel customer service number ## what is qtel customer service number ?	111 but try only if u hav patience !	True
advice and help # where does your dog stay in qatar when youre away ? ## hello qatarliving ! my family and i will be away for vacation . please tell me about the reliable places in doha where you put your dog in when youre out of town ! i dont know where to take him and i dont trust anyone to do that for me (	call paul hensen . his number 487 7144 and mobile 667 5235 . you can say sam is mum recommended him ( his daughter and my son in the same class at school ) .	True
moving to qatar # vaccinations needed before i come to doha ? ## i am in the process of coming over to work in doha . i wanted to know if their were any specific shots and vaccinations i should get before coming over . i want to try and get these things completed before i leave the us . any insight would be much appreciated .	i suggest going to visit your local gp and mention that you are moving to qatar . they should have in their system what shots you need before coming over . it is usually for hepatitis and thyfoid i think ( please excuse the spelling )	True
salary and allowances # qatar airways salary ## hi guys ! please help me . what is the current salary range of admin assistant in qatar airways ? would really appreciate if you could help me . thank you very much ! francie )	salary range is 45004800 . all inclusive . free ticket every year ; government health card . discount for airfare to any destination . 8 hrs 5 days work in a week .	NonFactual
advice and help # what is qtel customer service number ## what is qtel customer service number ?	## some one please call 111 # have you ever heard a similar song from wyclef john ? just on a lighter mood . customer care111 business line customer care 8008000 enquiries 180 . goodluck !	True
advice and help # what is qtel customer service number ## what is qtel customer service number ?	call 111 and follow the instructions .	True
environment # recycling places in doha ## hello to all ! to get rid of my collected old bottles ; paper ; glasses and so on i ask you where can i find some recycling places in doha ? i know this sphere is not very advanced in that state . please tell me exact locations ; with things i can bring to and if necessary the business hours ! p . s . please no discussion about the usefulness of recycling . i want to do it anyway !	there are recycling bins for plastic and paper in education city too . but park is better idea as there are bins for aluminium and glass as well . i think there should be a recycling awareness campaign on ql .	True
advice and help # what are the timings for dolphin penguin show in doha spring festival 2013 ?	the show is until 21 february and show timings are 4pm and 6pm everyday . i am using . for all events in doha .	NonFactual
qatari culture # can a person wear dhoti ( mundu ) while travelling2qatar ## can anyone advise whether can an aged person travelling to qatar from kerala can wear kerala style mundu ( dhothi ) . is it prohibited by law ?	ok as long as it stays in place during a sand storm ; and he does not lift it to cover his face instead .	NonFactual
investment and finance # personal loans from islamic banks ## hi ql frns ; is there any islamic bank in qatar which give personal loans ? i need loans without interest . appreciate comments .	yes dear qatar islamic bank . giving very low interest loan . but mostly giving working in government department . but you can try and see . take care	False
welcome to qatar # any carrefour ? ## is there any carrefour which is open ? please update . thanks in advance .	in land mark and lagoona	True
family life in qatar # lady fitness ## does anybody knows a lady fitness center ; exept the one at salwa road ? thanks for your help .	nero blanco gym	True
qatar living lounge # moving to qatar from the uk ## hey there ; i'll be heading out to qatar later this year . does anyone know if my uk tv set will work in qatar ? not sure whether to ship or sell . thanks ; c	if your tv runs on 240 volts and is pal it will work in qatar . the whole fking electricity system here is british .	True
family life in qatar # american married to a qatari ## i will soon marry a qatari man and live in doha . recently i was told that once i am married and in qatar that i will not be allowed to travel back to the usa or any country without my husbands permission . can someone tell me if this is correct ? i have tried researching this but have not found any definite information . also ; if there are any american women married to a qatari on ql ; i would love to ask more questions . thank you	the laws are more flexible now if you are over 30 have a profession ; you will not need your husband consent to leave the country	False
visas and permits # just what to ask if it is possible to work in qatar if you we are banned in dubai ? tnx !	guys ; it depends on the nature of the ban . normally a ban is a no entry situation . if he is having a no entry stamp to dubai then he will not be able to get visa to any of the gcc countries . the immigration system of all the other countries will ave details of the person and it will normally block the visa . i know some guys in india unable to get visa to any other gcc countries because of the ban in dubai .	NonFactual
visas and permits # working visa issuance how long ## hello guyz ; just wanna ask anyone knows how long is the release of working visa in qatar ? because my agency told me that the already forwarded all my requirements for visa application ; but until now no feedback from qatar embassy . its almost 40days today . i do hope someone can answer my query . by the way i am from philippines . regards ; jm	primarily ; visa availability dependent . and if you are on engr visa ; need to have certified school credentials attested by the ministry also . if all requirements are complete ; then it is pro dependent .	NonFactual
socialising # 3rd cousin relationship ; possible ? ## is 3rd cousin relationship already accepted in church or in society ? i mean like lovers .	i think in the uk it is legal for cousins to be lovers . but any closer relation than that is illegal . here i believe it is more common .	False
advice and help # ramadan ## hi ! just wanted to know is it confirm that it is ramadan tomorrow ?	smart idiot . that was quite funny . its eid tomorrow .	NonFactual
moving to qatar # moving companies in doha ## hi all . does anyone know any good moving companies in doha ? a company that will move all my stuff without damaging anything ; and possible pack it all up for me as well . the move is local ; within doha .	when relocating to doha last year ; our agent was gac . they did a fantastic job ! we can warmly recommend them !	True
welcome to qatar # where i can get a funny ''baby on board'' car is stickers ?	hmm i wonder whats so funny about'em anyways u might know better you can uy them from baby shop .	NonFactual
qatari culture # hugging a female friend ## hi friends ; i am meeting my childhood female friend after many years in qatar . she is also an expat like me . will i be arrested or land in trouble if i greet her with a hug ?	i think in the airport it is ok .	False
qatar living lounge # visa for dubai for qatar rp holder ## i have heard that it#39 ; s really fun to drive from qatar to dubai on the weekend ( obviosly if you have a 4 x 4 drive ) . my question is do i need to get a visa if i want to go to dubai if i have a residence permit of qatar ?	the whole process will take you 8 days . 3 days to get uae visa and 5 days to get saudi transit visa . count the weekend	NonFactual